id|nct_id|description
22173192|NCT05020444|"This is a two-part, non-randomized, open label, single-site Phase 1 study of TriPRIL CAR T Cells as a treatment for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.~This study consists of 2 parts:~Part A (Dose Escalation) : The investigators are looking to find the highest dose of the study intervention that can be administered safely without severe or unmanageable side effects, not everyone who participates in this research study will receive the same dose of the study intervention. The dose given will depend on the number of participants who have been enrolled prior and how well the dose was tolerated Once determined, this highest dose will then be used in the dose expansion part of the study.~Part B (Expansion Cohort):Participants will be treated at the respective dose as determined during Part A (Dose Escalation).~TriPRIL CAR T Cells is an investigational treatment that uses a person's own immune cells, called T cells, to try to kill their cancerous cells. T cells fight infections and can also kill cancer cells in some cases. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved TriPRIL CAR T Cells as a treatment for any disease.This is the first time that TriPRIL CAR T Cells will be given to humans.~The research study procedures include screening for eligibility and study treatment including evaluations and follow up visits.~Participants will receive one infusion of the study treatment and will be followed for up to 2 years.~It is expected that about 18 people will take part in this research study."
22173273|NCT04214392|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess the feasibility and safety of dual delivery of chlorotoxin (EQ)-CD28-CD3zeta-CD19t-expressing CAR T-lymphocytes NCI SYs (chlorotoxin [CLTX]-CAR T cells) for participants with MMP2+ recurrent or progressive glioblastoma.~II. Determine the maximum tolerated dose schedule (MTD) and a recommended phase 2 dosing plan (RP2D) for dual delivery of CLTX-CAR T cells for participants with MMP2+ recurrent or progressive glioblastoma.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Describe persistence, expansion, and phenotype of endogenous and CLTX-CAR CAR T cells in tumor cyst fluid (TCF), peripheral blood (PB), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).~II. Describe cytokine levels in PB, TCF, and CSF over the study period.~III. In research participants who receive the full schedule of 3 cycles of CLTX-CAR T cells:~IIIa. Estimate the six month progression free survival (PFS) rate. IIIb. Estimate the nine month overall survival (OS) rate. IIIc. Estimate disease response rates. IIId. Estimate median overall survival (OS).~IV. In study participants who undergo an additional biopsy/resection or autopsy:~IVa. Evaluate CAR T cell persistence in the tumor tissue and the location of the CAR T cells with respect to the injection site.~IVb. Evaluate CLTX-targeted antigen expression levels on tumor tissue pre and post CAR T cell therapy.~V. Use mathematical modeling of tumor growth to evaluate benefit of treatment.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study.~Patients receive chlorotoxin (EQ)-CD28-CD3zeta-CD19t-expressing CAR T-lymphocytes NCI SYs via dual delivery starting on day 0 for 3 weekly cycles over 28 days. Each treatment cycle begins with one or two CAR T cell infusions (one at each catheter site) and lasts for 1 week. Beginning 1 week after cycle 3, patients may continue with CAR T treatment per principal investigator and patient discretion. Treatment continues in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months, and then yearly for up to 15 years."
22235743|NCT05627323|"This is a phase 1b, multicenter, feasibility/safety study of the dual delivery (administered through both intracavitary/intratumoral [ICT] and intraventricular [ICV] catheters) of CHM-1101, an autologous chlorotoxin-chimeric antigen receptor (CLTX-CAR) cell product, in participants with recurrent or progressive GBM. The investigational product is identified as CHM-1101 (CLTX(EQ)28ζ/CD19t+ CAR T cells).~PRIMARY OBJECTIVE~• To determine the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) for dual ICT and ICV delivery of CHM-1101 in participants with MMP2+ recurrent or progressive GBM.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES~To assess the feasibility and safety of dual delivery of CHM-1101.~To describe the persistence, expansion, immunogenicity, and phenotype of CHM-1101 and endogenous cells tumor cyst fluid (TCF), peripheral blood (PB), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).~In participants who receive at least 2 of the 3 planned doses of CHM-1101 in Cycle 1:~Estimate the progression-free survival (PFS) rates~Estimate the overall survival (OS) rates~To evaluate the disease response rate."
22235822|NCT05117008|"INTERVENTION DESCRIPTION:~Subjects will receive belantamab mafodotin as maintenance therapy. Belantamab mafodotin will be administered IV over approximately 30 minutes at the recommended dose of 2.5 mg/kg IV over 30 minutes on day 1 of every eight-week (+/- three days) cycle for a maximum of 12 cycles. Maintenance therapy with belantamab mafodotin will continue until progressive disease (PD), death, unacceptable toxicity, withdrawal of consent or end of study (maximum of 12 cycles), whichever occurs first. Dose interruptions or reductions may be required to address potential drug-associated toxicities. The dose to be administered will be based on actual body weight calculated at baseline. However, if the change in body weight is greater than 10%, the dose will be recalculated based on the actual body weight at the time of dosing. The dose may be reduced to address toxicity."
22298913|NCT05155189|This study plans to enroll 4-20 patients to assess the safety of C-CAR031. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will receive a single dose of C-CAR031 injection, and will be followed up post treatment for safety monitoring. The follow up period will last 12 months.
22298984|NCT00924326|"BACKGROUND:~We have constructed a retroviral vector that encodes an anti-cluster of differentiation 19 (CD19) chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that recognizes the CD19 antigen. This chimeric receptor also contains the signaling domains of cluster of differentiation 28 (CD28) and cluster of differentiation 3 (CD3)-zeta. The retroviral vector can be used to mediate genetic transfer of this CAR to T cells with high efficiency (> 50%) without the need to perform any selection.~In co-cultures with CD19-expressing target cells, anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T-cells secreted significant amounts of interferon gamma (IFN-y) and interleukin 2 (IL-2).~We have developed a process for cryopreserving the cell product which may lead to the ability for this product to be manufactured at a central location and shipped to other institutions for treatment of a broader patient population~OBJECTIVE:~- Primary objective:~--With the approval of amendment S, to determine the safety and feasibility of the administration of cryopreserved anti-CD19-CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes with a non-myeloablative conditioning regimen in patients with Bcell lymphomas.~ELIGIBILITY:~Patients of 18 years of age or older must:~Have a CD19-expressing B-cell lymphoma~Be a non-responder to, or recurred after one or more standard chemotherapy-containing regimens for their malignancy~Currently require treatment due to progressive malignancy~Be deemed to be incurable by standard therapy~Patients may not have:~A history of allogeneic stem cell transplantation~Central nervous system (CNS) disease~DESIGN:~Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) obtained by leukapheresis (approximately 5.0x 10^9 cells) will be cultured in the presence of anti-CD3 (muromonab-CD3 (OKT3)) and aldesleukin in order to stimulate T-cell proliferation.~Transduction is initiated by exposure of approximately 1.0x 10^8 to 5.0x 10^8 cells to retroviral vector supernatant containing the anti-CD19 CAR.~With the approval of Amendment S, patients will receive fludarabine and cyclophosphamide chemotherapy (NMA) for lymphodepletion, followed by cryopreserved anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T-cells.~Patients will be followed until disease progression.~Patients who have responded to treatment and then progress may receive one retreatment."
22235841|NCT04984356|This is a first-in-human, multicenter, Phase 1/2, single-agent study in patients with R/R T-ALL/T-LBL who have exhausted other treatment options. The study will consist of two phases, Phase 1 and Phase 2. During the Dose Escalation segment (Phase 1) up to 24 patients will be treated with 1 dose of WU-CART-007, in up to 4 dose levels until maximum tolerated dose (MTD) or maximum administered dose (MAD) is determined. The dose escalation segment will enroll successive cohorts of 3 to 6 patients using a standard 3 + 3 design. Once the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) is defined, the Phase 2 portion (Cohort Expansion) will enroll expansion cohorts.
22299286|NCT03483688|The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre- Treatment (Cell Product Preparation; Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), Treatment and Follow-up
22361645|NCT04447573|"This is a study to evaluate the safety, feasibility and efficacy of BCMA CAR-T in the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of BCMA CAR-T in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma~The Secondary research objectives:~To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of BCMA CAR-T in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma."
22361924|NCT04506983|GPC3-CAR-T cells is a novel CAR-T cells which designed for the cell membrane protein Glypican-3. Patients with hepatocellular carcinoma will be enrolled, and GPC3-CAR-T cells will be intravenously infused with a escalated dose of 1×106, 3×106, 10×106 GPC3-CAR-T cells. Tumor markers and GPC3-CAR-T cell proliferation will be monitored in the scheduled time (day 0, day 4, day 7, day 10, day 14, day 28). The aim of this clinical trial is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of GPC3-CAR-T cells therapy in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. The primary endpoint is the safety of CAR-T cells including the effect ratio of CRS and ICANS, ORR. The secondary endpoint is the CAR-T ratio and CAR gene copied number in PB, PFS, OS and DOR.
22362002|NCT03380039|"This study is designed to determine the safety, tolerability and engraftment potential of anti-BCMA lentivirus-transduced autologous T cells in patients with refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma.~Primary objectives:~Determine the safety and tolerability of CAR-BCMA T cells (autologous T cells transduced with chimeric antigen receptors recognizing BCMA) in patients with refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma.~Observe the cytokinetics of CAR-BCMA T cells.~Secondary objectives:~Observe the anti-tumor response of CAR-BCMA T cells to refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma (evaluated by diagnostic criteria International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG2014 version) as CR, sCR, ICR, MCR or VGPR).~Make an evaluation on the distribution and in vivo survival of CAR-BCMA T cells in peripheral blood, lymph node, and bone marrow.~Observe the immunogenicity of CAR-BCMA T cells, and determine if there is anti-BCMA scFv cellular immune response and anti-BCMA scFv humoral immune response.~Observe the changes of cell subsets of CAR-BCMA T cells against T cells (Tcm, central memory T lymphocytes; Tem, effector memory T lymphocytes; Treg, regulatory T lymphocytes)."
22110273|NCT04531046|"Axicabtagene ciloleucel (axi-cel) is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy directed against CD19 which has been approved for the treatment of relapse/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma DLBCL and primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma (PMBCL) after 2 or more lines of systemic therapy.~But administrating CAR T-cells earlier in the therapeutic strategy may be beneficial to patients.~Axi-cel will improve the outcome of patients with DLBCL who are refractory or relapse early (i.e. within 1 year from end of treatment) after first-line therapy and who are not eligible for Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation (ASCT).~Transplant-ineligible patients will include those who are deemed ineligible for high-dose chemotherapy and Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (HSCT) due to age, comorbidity, or prior ASCT.~The primary endpoint will be complete metabolic response (CMR) at 3 months after Axi-cel infusion."
22362366|NCT05127135|This is a single-center, nonrandomized, open-label, dose-escalation study to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of ThisCART7 in patients with refractory or relapsed CD7 positive T cell malignancies, such as T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia, T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Lymphoma and T-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma. The dose range is 0.5-6 x 10^6 cells per kg body weight.
22362514|NCT03349255|"The molecular target for ET1402L1-CART is alpha fetoprotein (AFP), which is expressed on 60-80 percent of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). ET1402L1-CART is a second generation (CD28/CD3ζ) chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) engineered with a human single-chain variable antibody fragments (scFv) against the anti-HLA-A02/AFP complex. This clinical study evaluates the safety and pharmacokinetics of ET1402L1-CART-cells in patients with HCC who have no available curative therapeutic options and a poor overall prognosis.~Patients with lesion(s) localized in liver will be enrolled in the IA arm, with the ET1402L1-CART-cells administered via intrahepatic artery catheter. Patients with extrahepatic metastasis will be enrolled in the IV arm, with the ET1402L1-CART-cells administered through intravenous infusion."
22299534|NCT03716856|"This study is designed to determine the safety, tolerability and engraftment potential of anti-BCMA lentivirus-transduced autologous T cells in patients with refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma.~Primary objectives:~Determine the safety and tolerability of CAR-BCMA T cells (autologous T cells transduced with chimeric antigen receptors recognizing BCMA) in patients with refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma.~Observe the cytokinetics of CAR-BCMA T cells.~Secondary objectives:~Observe the anti-tumor response of CAR-BCMA T cells to refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma (evaluated by diagnostic criteria International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG2014 version) as CR, sCR, ICR, MCR or VGPR).~Make an evaluation on the distribution and in vivo survival of CAR-BCMA T cells in peripheral blood, lymph node, and bone marrow.~Observe the immunogenicity of CAR-BCMA T cells, and determine if there is anti-BCMA scFv cellular immune response and anti-BCMA scFv humoral immune response.~Observe the change of T cell subsets relative to CAR-BCMA T。 (Tcm, central memory T lymphocytes; Tem, effector memory T lymphocytes; Treg, regulatory T lymphocytes)."
22299557|NCT03902197|CD19+ B-ALL patients who have relapsed after murine-based CD19 CAR-T (CD19mCAR-T) treatment and/or have limited clinical response to CD19mCAR-T will be enrolled to receive CD19 hsCAR-T treatment.
22362811|NCT05430945|In this study, 100 patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma were proposed to undergo BCMA CAR-T cell therapy. Under the premise that its safety has been clarified in previous studies, further observation and evaluation of the effectiveness of BCMA CAR-T cell therapy for relapsed refractory multiple myeloma; At the same time, on the basis of expanding the sample size, more safety data on BCMA CAR-T cell treatment for relapsed refractory multiple myeloma were accumulated, including rare and delayed complications.
22235036|NCT03617198|"Step 1:~Subject is screened, undergoes leukaphereses, and optional rectal biopsy, and safety evaluations before dosing. The University of Pennsylvania manufactures the study product.~Step 2:~Subjects receive a single infusion of 0.5-1x10(10) CD4 CAR+CCR5 ZFN modified T cells. Cohort 2 participants undergo a mini-leukapheresis and optional rectal biopsy at the end of step 2.~The duration of Step 2 will be:~Cohort 1: 1 day~Cohort 2: 8 weeks~Step 3:~All subjects will participate in a 16 week analytical treatment interruption (ATI). ATI will be less than 16 weeks if patient's viral load is sustained >100,000 or CD4 count <350 or less than 50% of baseline. At the end of step 3 all participants will undergo mini-leukapheresis and optional rectal biopsy.~Step 4:~Participants who have HIV viral loads ≤1000 copies/ml will continue in an extension of the analytical treatment interruption until viral load is sustained >100,000 or CD4 count <350 or less than 50% of baseline.~Step 5:~Reinitiation of antiretroviral therapy with monthly visits until the HIV RNA is below the limit of quantification. All participants undergo a mini-leukapheresis and optional rectal biopsy at the end of the step 5.~Step 6 (Secondary Follow-up):~All subjects will be followed for safety for up to 5 years post-infusion."
22299767|NCT03881761|CART cell therapy has become the treatment of choice for patients with relapsed/ refractory B cell lymphoma. Currently, CAR-T cells approved for relapsed/refractory B-cell lymphoma are mainly CAR19-T cells. Nearly half of patients who relapse after treatment with CAR19-T cells are caused by tumor cell antigen escape. Dual-target CAR-T cells targeting CD19 and CD20 may reduce the recurrence rate after treatment. This study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CD19/CD20 bispecific CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed/refractory B cell lymphoma.
22174547|NCT05432882|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent B cell malignancies have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy. Despite impressive progress, more than 50% of patients treated with CD19-targeting chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR19) experience progressive disease. Further, more than 40% patients with progressive large B cell lymphoma (LBCL) experienced reduced or lost expression of CD19 on the tumor cells after CAR19 treatment; low surface CD19 density before treatment was associated with progressive disease. Therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigation attempts to use genetically modified T cells to express a 4th generation lentiviral anti-CD19/22 bi-specific CAR (bi-4SCAR-CD19/22). The CAR molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, CD19 or CD22, which is expressed at high levels on tumor cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~To overcome tumor escape of single target antigen and enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific CD19/22 CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory B cell cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in CD19 and/or CD22 positive cancer patients."
22174574|NCT02958384|Lewis -Y（LeY） is a difucosylated carbohydrate antigen and although its function is not known, it is expressed on a wide range of malignancies including myeloid malignancies. LeY-targeted CAR-T in myeloid malignancies had been explored and showed good efficiency in the treatment of myeloid malignancies. This trial is designed and conducted to test the safety and effectiveness of LeY-targeted CAR-T.
22111372|NCT05621096|"This is a pilot study to evaluate the feasibility of low-dose radiation therapy in the bridging period between chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell collection, manufacturing, and infusion (vein-to-vein) in patients with relapsed and refractory aggressive B-cell lymphoma.~Emerging cellular immunotherapies including CAR T-cell therapy have produced remarkable outcomes for this population. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has recently approved lisocabtagene maraleucel (liso-cel) for the management of people with relapsed and refractory B-cell lymphoma. Unfortunately, many patients undergoing liso-cel infusion will suffer progression or relapse with devastating consequences. The object of this study is to identify a novel means to enhance liso-cel activity to improve overall outcomes. The investigators hypothesize that the addition of radiation therapy targeting selected sites as bridging therapy prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy and liso-cel infusion will be effective at improving responses for patients with relapsed and refractory B-cell lymphoma.~Results from this study will provide key justification to expand this therapeutic approach into a larger phase II clinical trial powered to examine the efficacy of this approach."
22300257|NCT03711864|In patients with multiple myeloma with recurrent or refractory BCMA, CAR-T cell infusion was performed after screening, blood collection and pretreatment. Starting dose for 5 x 10^5 / kg, 1 x 10^6 doses sequentially. If dose-limiting toxicity is not observed in 3 patients in a dose group, the next dose group test can be performed; If more than 2/3 of patients (2 cases, included) in a dose group had DLT, dose-escalation was not performed. If 1 case of DLT (1/3) appears in the first 3 patients of a dose group, 3 patients need to be added to the dose group (at this time, there are 6 patients in the group). If DLT occurs in 1 of the 3 patients (with or without) or 2 of the 6 patients (with or without), no further dose escalation is allowed. Researchers and bidders to form drug safety monitoring committee (SRC), every dose group of subjects to complete the DLT observation period, after summarizing the security of this dose group, determine the test of the next dose, subjects such as draw up the highest dose group safety tolerance, SRC to decide whether to continue to increase the dose group of research, finally according to have obtained all the safety and efficacy of dose group information to determine the recommended dose (RP2D).Dose-limiting toxicity (DLT)
22111959|NCT05070156|All subjects participating in this study will receive peripheral blood mononuclear cell collection to produce B010-A injection products after enrollment. Subjects may receive bridging anti-cancer therapy while waiting for the production of B010-A injection. All subjects need to undergo baseline assessment before receiving cell infusion. For all subjects, the baseline assessment includes weight, body surface area, vital signs, physical examination, ECOG score, laboratory examination, coagulation function, etiological examination, 12-lead ECG, echocardiogram, cytokine testing, Tumor marker detection and ICE score, etc. Each subject will receive lymphodepletion prior to B010-A infusion, and dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) assessment will be performed on D28 after the first infusion.
22111967|NCT05013372|CD147 has been demonstrated higher and relatively specific expression on T cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Preclinical studies have shown that CAR T cells targeting CD147 antigen can continuously eliminate Jurkat T-cell lymphoma in mice and extend survival without severe adverse events including hemolysis. Preliminary investigation of CD147-CAR T cells in solid tumors has started and shown an acceptable safety profile. The safety and preliminary effectiveness of CD147-CAR T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory T cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma will be investigated in this pioneering study.
22111974|NCT04214886|Autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) will be obtained by leukapheresis over one day and the cells will be transduced with an in house designed CAR retroviral vector. Participants will receive daily intravenous (IV) infusion of lymphodepleting regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for total of 3 days (Days -5, -4, -3). The dose of cyclophosphamide will be given at 500mg/m2. The dose of fludarabine will be given at 30mg/m2. Participants will receive the CAR transduced T cells IV infusion in the BMT Inpatient Unit and remain admitted for close monitoring for at least the first 7 days following the cell infusion (D0 to Day +7), possibly longer if any side effects are encountered. The CAR transduced T cells will be escalated from 1 x 106 transduced T cells/kg (± 20%) to 2 x 106 transduced T cells/kg (± 20%) in a Phase I design, based on toxicity. Once discharged from the inpatient unit, for the next 7 days (Day +8 to Day +14) the patients will be evaluated in the High Dose Unit (labs and physical exam) to screen for toxicities.
22111984|NCT05621486|This is an open-label dose escalation and dose expansion study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and antitumor activity of B4T2-001 Autologous CAR T cells in subjects with BT-001 expressing advanced solid tumors. Patients who meet the eligibility criteria will receive B4T2-001 CAR T infusion after lymphodepletion. The lymphodepleting chemotherapy is administered on days -5, -4, and -3 before CAR T infusion using cyclophosphamide 300mg/m2 once daily and fludarabine 30mg/m2 once daily for 3 consecutive days. Doses may be adjusted for renal and/or hepatic insufficiency, or other comorbidities. The study is designed to include the following sequential steps: patient screening, pre-treatment, treatment and follow up for up to 2 years.
22236458|NCT05168748|"This is a phase I, open label, multicenter, dose escalation and expansion study of IMJ995. The study will investigate single agent IMJ995 in two independent groups of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients:~Pediatric, adolescent and young adult (AYA) ALL patients up to 29 years old~Adult ALL patients (≥30 years old) safety cohort The pediatric and AYA ALL group consists of two parts: a dose escalation part to evaluate feasibility, characterize safety and identify the recommended dose (RD) of IMJ995, and a dose expansion part to further characterize safety, cellular kinetics and assess preliminary antitumor activity. Once the RD of IMJ995 is determined for this group, the corresponding expansion part may commence.~Once the RD of IMJ995 is determined for the pediatric and AYA group, a safety cohort for adult ALL patients ≥30 years old may commence in parallel to the above mentioned expansion part."
22236708|NCT02772198|"Autologous T cells transduced with chimeric antigen receptors (CAR) that recognize the CD19 antigen (CD19-CAR T cells) have been used in multiple clinical trials at several institutions worldwide. We established an in-house manufacturing process for CD19-CAR T cells with a CD28 (cluster of differentiation 28) costimulatory domain.~Primary Objectives:~To study the safety of administration of CAR T cell at the Sheba Medical Center~To determine the feasibility and efficacy of administering anti-CD19-CAR T cells in children and young adults with B cell malignancies.~Secondary Objectives~To study in vivo and in vitro behavior of CAR T cell in patients, including persistence, expansion, cytotoxic potential and exhaustion.~To study the cytokine milieu in CAR treated patients.~Eligibility Patients 1-50 years of age, with a CD19-expressing B-cell malignancy that has recurred after, or not responded to, one or more standard chemotherapy-containing regimens.~Design Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs)will be obtained by leukapheresis. Anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be manufactured from fresh autologous PBMCs. PBMC will be cultured in the presence of anti-CD3 (cluster of differentiation 3) antibody and interleukin-2 followed by retroviral vector supernatant containing the anti-CD19 CAR. Total culture time is between 7-10 days. Patients will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy composed of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine prior to cell infusion, and on day 0 will receive one million CAR T cells per kilogram. Patients will be monitored for toxicity including cytokine release syndrome, hematologic toxicities and B-cell aplasia; for response of their underlying malignancy; and for CAR-T cell persistence in the blood, marrow and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF)."
22176553|NCT02963038|The CAR consists of a CD19 targeting antibody scFv with three intracellular signaling domains derived from CD3 zeta, CD28 and 4-1BB. Autologous T cells will be gene engineered with the CAR gene using a lentivirus vector. Prior to T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for 24 months for adverse reactions, persistence of CAR T cells and efficacy.
22363677|NCT03312205|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells targeted against CD19 have demonstrated unprecedented successes in treating patients with hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. Besides CD19, many other molecules such as CD22, CD30,BCMA, CLL-1, etc. may be potential in developing the corresponding CAR-T cells to treat patients whose tumors expressing those markers. Investigators have developed a high efficient platform for constructing different CARs and preclinical studies have demonstrated effective killing of corresponding target cells. In this study, investigators will evaluate their safety and efficacy in patients with different types of hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. The primary goal is safety assessment including cytokine storm response and any other adverse effects. In addition, tumor targeting and disease status after treatment will also be evaluated.
22237500|NCT02537977|Tongji Hospital of Tongji University has developed an investigational approach for treating patients with CD19 positive B cell malignancy that involves taking white blood cells from the patient, growing them in the laboratory in large numbers, genetically modifying these specific cells with lentivirus to attack CD19 positive cells, and then giving the cells back to the patients.The main purpose of the study is to assess the safety and efficacy of the treatment with anti-CD19 CAR-T cells in the patients with chemotherapy resistant or refractory CD19 positive B cell malignancy including leukemia and lymphoma.
22237543|NCT05379569|This study was a prospective, randomized, controlled, single-center clinical study. A total of 142 patients eligible for the inclusion of acute B lymphoblastic leukemia were randomly divided into two groups: the experimental group (n = 71) and the control group (n = 71). The treatment group was given BFC conditioning regimen (fludalabine, marylan, cyclophosphamide), and the control group was given BuCY conditioning regimen (marylan, cyclophosphamide), and the patients were followed up to 1 year after transplantation. The 1-year disease-free survival rate of patients in the two groups was compared to evaluate whether increasing fludarabine could reduce the recurrence rate of patients after transplantation and thus improve the overall survival rate.
22237709|NCT05382377|"This is an open-label, dose escalation/expansion study to assess the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of KD-025 cell infusion in patients with advanced NKG2DL+ solid tumors.~In this study, the enrollment of the patients must meet the inclusion and exclusion criteria. All subjects will be undergo screening, pre-treatment (cell product preparation, lymphodepleting chemotherapy), treatment and follow up."
22237842|NCT05639972|This is a single-arm, single-cohort, single-center, feasibility study to determine the feasibility of E7 TCR-T cell induction therapy for locoregionally advanced human papillomavirus (HPV)-associated cancers (LAHPVC). Participants must have LAHPVC with HPV-16-positive cancer (tumor test) and the human leukocyte antigens (HLA)-A*02:01 allele (blood test). Participants will undergo apheresis for generation of autologous, gene-engineered, E7 TCR-T cells. One week after apheresis, they will receive a non-myeloablative lymphocyte-depleting preparative regimen of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine. Conditioning will be followed by a single infusion of E7 TCR T cells and adjuvant high-dose aldesleukin. Participants will follow up 3 weeks and 6 weeks after treatment. Tumor response will be assessed by imaging studies at the 6-week time point. Participants will be referred back to their primary oncology team for definitive therapy after the 6-week assessment (or earlier if tumors do not appear to be responding). Participants will be followed to determine 2- and 5-year disease free survival.
22300961|NCT05470777|The patients received sequential infusion of CD22 and CD19 CAR-T cells (co-stimulatory molecule was 4-1BB and infusion dose was 5*10^6/kg respectively) after standard induction and consolidation chemotherapy. Autologous stem cells mobilization and collection were performed 6-8 weeks after CAR-T infusion. Standard BuCy as conditioning regimen for Auto-HSCT was used 4 weeks after successful stem cell collection. CD22 and CD19 CAR-T cells were re-infused 2 days after Auto-HSCT. Patients were followed up and minimal residual diseases (MRD) was monitored by flow cytometry and second-generation gene sequencing of IgH rearrangement.
22364136|NCT03356795|"Cervical cancer is a cancer arising from the cervix. Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection causes more than 90% of cases. Other risk factors include smoking, a weak immune system, birth control pills, starting sex at a young age, and having many sexual partners, but these are less important. Worldwide, cervical cancer is both the fourth-most common cause of cancer and the fourth-most common cause of death from cancer in women. The treatment of cervical cancer consists of surgical intervention, radiation, chemotherapy and immunotherapy.~In this study, the participant's T-cells will be collected and modified. Then the modified T cells, called chimeric antigen receptor modified-T cells (CAR T) which can recognize specific molecules that are expressed on the surface of cervical cancer cells, are given back to the participant by intravenous infusion.~The purpose of this clinical trial is to assess the feasibility, safety and efficacy of CAR T cells immunotherapy in patients who have GD2, PSMA, Muc1, Mesothelin or other markers positive cervical cancer. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the persistence and function of CAR T cells in the body."
22238413|NCT05588440|"Study ONCT-808-101 is a Phase 1/2, single-arm, open-label, multi-center study to evaluate the safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and anti-tumor activity of ONCT-808 in subjects with aggressive B cell lymphoma (BCL), including large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL) and mantle cell lymphoma (MCL). The study will be separated into two distinct phases designated as Phase 1 and Phase 2.~After the safety and tolerability of ONCT-808 have been assessed to select the recommended Phase 2 dose (RP2D) in Phase 1, Phase 2 will commence to further validate the dose and evaluate the safety and efficacy of ONCT-808. In Phase 2, subjects with LBCL or MCL will be enrolled into 2 separate dose expansion cohorts."
22113352|NCT05397496|"This is an open-label, multicenter, phase I study of PIT565 in patients with R/R B-NHL and R/R B-ALL.~The study comprises a dose escalation part of PIT565 in two independent groups (group A: R/R B-NHL and B: R/R B-ALL) and a dose expansion part in three independent groups (relapsed and/or refractory large B-cell lymphoma (R/R LBCL) who received CAR-T therapy (A2) or not (A1), and R/R B-ALL (B1)).~During the dose escalation, the safety (including the dose-dose limiting toxicity (DLT) relationship) and tolerability of PIT565 will be assessed, and schedule(s), route(s) of administration and dose(s) will be identified for use in the expansion part based on the review of these data. The recommended dose (RD) will also be guided by the available information on pharmacokinetics (PK), pharmacodynamics (PD), and preliminary anti-tumor activity. The dose escalation will be guided by an adaptive Bayesian logistic regression model (BLRM) following the Escalation with Overdose Control (EWOC) principle.~Different schedules (once weekly (Q1W) or once every 2 weeks (Q2W) with and without priming dose) and routes of administrations (intravenous (i.v.) or subcutaneous (s.c.)) will be explored in the dose escalation groups.~The dose expansion will further explore the MTD(s) and/or RD(s) and the selected schedule(s) and route of administration(s) in the three patients' groups."
22301185|NCT03931421|In this trial, T cells are seperated from multiple myeloma patients, and engineered into BMCA-targeted CAR-T cells, these cells are then transfused back into the patients to elimimnate the myeloma cells. In this process, the safety and efficacy of this CAR-T treatment are closely monitored.
22301207|NCT04823091|"Chimeric antigen receptor-T cells (CAR-T) have made breakthroughs in the treatment of B-cell tumors, especially refractory/relapsed acute B lymphocytes. CD7 is a transmembrane glycoprotein expressed by T cells and natural killer cells and their precursors; it is also expressed in >95% of lymphoblastic T-cell leukemias and lymphomas . CD7 was previously evaluated as a target for immunotoxin-loaded antibodies in patients with T-cell malignancies, but tumor responses were limited.~Enhancing the potency of CD7-directed cytotoxicity by substituting donor-derived CAR-T cells for a monoclonal antibody would augment the efficacy of CD7-targeted therapy in patients with T-cell malignancies. To prepare CAR7-T cells, CD7 expression is suppressed on donor-derived T cells by unique blocking technique, and CD7-negative T cells are transduced with a humanized anti-CD7-41BB-CD3ζ lentiviral vector.~This is an investigational study. The objectives are to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR7-T cells in patients with CD7+ T-cell malignancies."
22364490|NCT04500431|This study plans to enroll 10 patients to assess the safety and efficacy of spCART-269. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will receive a single dose of spCART-269 injection. The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre-treatment (Cell product preparation; Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), Treatment and follow-up.
22364535|NCT03121625|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells targeted against CD19 have demonstrated unprecedented successes in treating patients with hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. Besides CD19, many other molecules such as CD22, CD30, CD7, BCMA, CD123, etc. may be potential in developing the corresponding CAR-T cells to treat patients whose tumors expressing those markers. Investigators have developed a high efficient platform for constructing different CARs and preclinical studies have demonstrated effective killing of corresponding target cells. In this study, investigators will evaluate their safety and efficacy in patients with different types of hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. The primary goal is safety assessment including cytokine storm response and any other adverse effects. In addition, tumor targeting and disease status after treatment will also be evaluated.
22239322|NCT05172596|"This clinical trial employs an open label, single arm, multi-center design with primary analysis testing overall response rate ( ORR), including one interim analysis for futility and one interim analysis for efficacy.~The trial population includes adult patients with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma (MM) after failure of 3 or more lines of therapy, including failing an immunomodulatory drug (IMiD), a proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an anti-CD38 (cluster of differentiation 38) monoclonal antibody (mAb) and who have measurable disease at enrollment per IMWG criteria . In addition, patients must be refractory to the last line of therapy~The trial will enroll 90 efficacy evaluable adult patients with relapsed and refractory MM (efficacy evaluable means participants infused with a PHE885 product at target dose 10e6 that met all release specifications).~Patients will be followed for acute and intermediate safety and efficacy within this trial for a minimum of 2 years before being transferred to the long-term follow-up trial. A long-term post-study follow-up for lentiviral vector safety will be offered under a separate destination protocol for 15 years post injection per health authority guidelines."
22114182|NCT02663297|"STUDY OBJECTIVES~Primary Objective~To determine the safety and tolerability and to estimate the MTD of ATLCAR.CD30 post ASCT in patients with CD30+ lymphoma at high risk for relapse~Secondary Objectives~To measure the survival of ATLCAR.CD30 in vivo~To estimate PFS after infusion of ATLCAR.CD30 post ASCT in patients with CD30+ lymphoma at high risk for relapse~To determine the overall survival after infusion of ATLCAR.CD30 post ASCT in patients with CD30+ lymphoma at high risk for relapse~Exploratory Objective~To measure patient-reported symptom, physical function, and health-related quality of life at baseline and over time in patients treated with ATLCAR.CD30 cells.~ENDPOINTS~Primary Endpoint~Toxicity will be classified and graded according to the National Cancer Institute's Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version 4.0) and CRS toxicity will be graded according to the toxicity scale outlined in 11.6 (Appendix F: CRS Toxicity Grading Scale and Management Guidelines). The MTD will be based on the rate of dose-limiting toxicity~Secondary (Clinical) Endpoint~PFS is defined from day of ASCT to relapse (in subjects with a documented complete response after ASCT) or progression (in subjects with documented stable disease or partial response after ASCT), or death as a result of any cause as per the Revised Response Criteria for Malignant Lymphoma.~Overall survival will be measured from the date of administration of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL to date of death~Persistence of CAR.CD30 T cells in vivo will be determined by quantitative PCR and flow cytometry in peripheral blood samples.~Exploratory Endpoint~Patient reported symptoms will be measured using selected symptoms from the NCI PRO-CTCAE. Patient-reported physical function will be measured using the PROMIS Physical Function Score derived from the PROMIS Physical Function Short Form 20a v1.0. Patient-reported health-related quality of life will be measured using the PROMIS Global Health Score derived from the PROMIS Global Health Short Form v1.0-1.1.~OUTLINE~Patients scheduled to undergo an autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) for treatment of lymphoma will be approached for consent to screening and potential enrollment into LCCC1524. Peripheral blood cells will be collected from consenting patients who meet eligibility for cell procurement for creation of ATLCAR.CD30 cells prior to ASCT. The ASCT, including mobilization and collection of PBSCs, administration of myeloablative therapy, reinfusion of PBSCs and supportive care following transplant will be as per routine standard of care, and not expected to be impacted by enrollment into LCCC1524. Post ASCT, patients who meet eligibility criteria for treatment will receive one infusion of ATLCAR.CD30 cells once there is evidence of hematologic recovery. Research personnel will keep track of any patients who undergo procurement but do not undergo treatment with ATLCAR.CD30 cells, and the reason for withholding treatment.~Cell Procurement~Peripheral blood, up to 300 mL total (in up to 3 collections) will be obtained for subjects for cell procurement. In patients with low (CD3 count as assayed by flow cytometry less than 200/μl) T-cell count in the peripheral blood, a leukopheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient T cells. The parameters for pheresis will be up to 2 blood volumes.~For pediatric patients (patients under 18 years of age), the total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 mL (less than 1 teaspoon per 2.2 lbs. that the child weighs.~ATLCAR.CD30 Cells Administration~Post ASCT, once the patient has started to experience hematologic recovery (defined as ANC ≥500 cells/mm3 for 3 consecutive days, AND platelet count ≥25 cells/mm3 without transfusion over the preceding 5 days, AND Hg ≥8g/dL without transfusion support over preceding 5 days), ATLCAR.CD30 cells will be admnistered. This will generally occur between 14 and 20 days following infusion of autologous stem cells following high-dose chemotherapy.~Duration of Therapy~Therapy in LCCC1524 involves just one infusion of ATLCAR.CD30 cells. Treatment with one infusion will be administered unless:~Patient decides to withdraw from study treatment, OR~General or specific changes in the patient's condition render the patient unacceptable for further treatment in the judgment of the investigator.~Duration of Follow-Up~Patients will be followed for up to 15 years or until death, whichever occurs first. Patients removed from study for unacceptable adverse events will be followed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse event."
22364667|NCT03344705|Assessment of the Safety and Feasibility of Administering T cells Expressing an Anti-CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor to Patients With CD19+ B-cell Hematological Malignancies(including B-cell Acute lymphoblastic Leukemia、B-cell Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia、Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma) and Determine the Best Dosage.
22114197|NCT02159495|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES: I. To examine the anti-tumor activity and safety of administering ex vivo expanded T cells that are genetically modified using a self-inactivating (SIN) lentiviral vector to express a co-stimulatory CD123-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) as well as a truncated EGFR (CD123CAR-CD28-CD3zeta-EGFRt+ T cells [CD123+ CAR T cells]) following lymphodepletion for patients with CD123+ relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) (arm 1), or CD123+ persistent or recurrent Blastic Plasmacytoid Dendritic Cell Neoplasm (BPDCN) (arm 2). II. To determine the recommended Phase II dose (RP2D) for both arms (AML and BPDCN). SECONDARY OBJECTIVES: I. To assess activity in the form of CD123+ CAR T cell persistence, 6 month progression free survival (PFS 6mo) rate, and 1 year overall survival (OS) rate, and describe the immunogenicity of CD123R(EQ)28zeta/EGFRt+ T cells. TERTIARY OBJECTIVES: I. To assess impact on hematopoiesis, change from baseline in numbers of CD123+ blood cells, CD123 expression on malignant cells and hematopoietic cells, and the clinical efficacy of EGFRt mediated CAR T cell ablation.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of autologous or allogeneic (related or unrelated donor) CD123+ CAR T cells. Patients undergo a lymphodepleting regimen 3-10 days prior to CD123+ CAR T cell infusion as determined by the principal investigator and the protocol team. Patients receive either cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) on days -4 and/or -3; fludarabine phosphate and cyclophosphamide IV on days -5 to -3; fludarabine phosphate IV on days -5 to -3 and cyclophosphamide IV on days -4 and/or -3. Patients receive autologous or allogeneic CD123+ CAR T cells IV over 15 minutes on day 0. Patients with evidence of disease at > 28 days, continuing expression of the CD123 antigen, and not having experienced a dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) may receive a second infusion of CD123+ CAR T cells after 28 days. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 24 hours, then every 2 days for up to 14 days, every week for 1 month, every month for 1 year and then yearly for 15 years."
22301461|NCT03814447|"Primary Objectives:~1. To determine the safety and feasibility of anti- MESO CAR-T cells therapy for Refractory-Relapsed Ovarian Cancer~Secondary Objectives:~To access the efficacy of anti- MESO CAR-T cells in patients with ovarian cancer.~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of anti- MESO CAR-T cells~To assess the quality of life in patients with ovarian cancer after treatment with anti- MESO CAR-T cells."
22301475|NCT05164042|"Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells enable T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells that express specific antigens through genetic engineering. CD19 is expressed on the membrane surface of pre-B cells and mature B cells, but not on the surface of T cells and normal granulocytes. It is an ideal therapeutic target for B cell-derived tumors. A large number of previous studies have confirmed that CD19 CAR-T cells are a safe and effective method for the treatment of ALL. In 2018, New England Journal published the long-term follow-up data of CD19 CAR-T for relapse/refractory (R/R) ALL, 53 patients with r/r ALL who received a single infusion of CD19 CAR-T The response efficiency (CR+PR) reached 98%, of which about 83% of CR patients, with a median survival time of 12.9 months; greatly improved the remission rate and survival rate of r/r ALL patients.~Nowadays,CD19 CAR-T has been widely developed in patients with R/R ALL and has also been generally recognized by the industry. In 2017, the U.S. FDA approved Novartis's CD CAR-T product Kymriah for the treatment of R/R ALL. However, these CAR-T cells are constructed from patients' autologous T cells, and the production and preparation time is long; on the other hand, most patients have received multiple chemotherapy before CAR-T treatment, and the quantity and quality of T cells often cannot meet the needs of clinical treatment. It is also an important factor leading to the failure of CAR-T cell therapy, which limits the large-scale clinical application of CAR-T.~T cells derived from healthy donors are not only sufficient in quantity and quality guaranteed, but also available at any time. In December 2020, lancet reported a clinical study of 19 patients receiving allogeneic CAR-T cell ALL. 14 patients were evaluated as CR/CRi (67%) 28 days after treatment, and the median sustained remission time was 4.1 moon. Allogeneic CAR-T cells are safe and effective for the treatment of ALL, and their clinical application range is expected to improve the remission rate and survival rate of patients with R/R ALL."
22301586|NCT03815383|The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre- Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), C-CAR088 infusion and Follow-up.
22178673|NCT02958410|CD30 is originally described as a marker of Hodgkin's and Reed-Sternberg cells in Hodgkin's lymphoma. CD30 antibody has been applied to treat lymphocyte derived malignancies. To explore the potency of CD30 in CAR-T therapy, this trial is designed and conducted to test the safety and effect of CD30-targeted CAR-T.
22178784|NCT02965092|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells (CAR-T cells) have the capabilities to recognize tumor associated antigen and kill tumor cells specifically. CAR-T therapy showed great effect on patients with relapsed or refractory B cell malignancies. CAR consists of single chain variable fragment (scFv) and activation domain of T cell. In preclinical study, the researchers constructed a second generation CAR containing CD137 costimulatory domain. This study aims to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of anti-CD19 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell Malignancies.
22114697|NCT03013712|This study is being conducted to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells targeting EpCAM in treating patients with EpCAM positive cancer. In the research, the investigators design a novel CAR consists of a EpCAM targeting antibody scFv with two intracellular signaling domains derived from CD3 zeta and CD28. Autologous T cells will be gene-engineered with the CAR gene using a lentivirus vector. Prior to T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. The infusion dose is (1-10)×106 EpCAM-CAR positive T cells/kg, and the specific cells numbers depends on the situation of individual CAR-T cells preparation. The way of infusion is vascular interventional mediated or endoscopy, and the cells perfusion process would lasts 15min to 30min, and the specific time depends on patent's tumor-burdened state. After T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for 24 months for adverse reactions, persistence of CAR T cells and efficacy.
22365056|NCT05016063|"AML bears heterogeneous cells that can consequently offset killing by single-CAR-based therapy, which results in disease relapse. Leukemic stem cells (LSCs) associated with CLL1 expression comprise a rare population that also plays an important role in disease progression and relapse for myeloid malignancies. CD33 is widely expressed in AML. Targeting both CD33 and CLL1 surface antigens together may offer two distinct benefits. First, targeting both bulk disease and leukemic stem cells together allows for a more comprehensive ablation of the disease. Second, dual targeting of myeloid malignancies by both CD33 and CLL1 directed therapy overcomes the pitfalls of single-antigen therapy by preventing relapse due to antigen loss. While loss of a single antigen under antigen-specific selection pressure is possible, loss of two antigens simultaneously is much less likely.~CD33-CLL1 CAR is a compound Chimeric Antigen Receptor immunotherapy with two distinct functional CAR molecules expressed on a T-cell, directed against the surface proteins CLL1 and CD33. CD33-CLL1 CAR intends to target the mechanisms of single-CAR relapse, specifically antigen escape and leukemic stem cells."
22302053|NCT05176275|The purpose of this study is to monitor the proliferation and distribution of CD19 CAR-T cells in lymphoma patients by using a novel specific PET tracer 68Ga-NOTA-RP25 for monitoring the proliferation of CAR-T cells.
22302141|NCT03790891|CD19-TriCAR contains an anti-CD19 scFv, a PD-L1 blocker, and a cytokine complex, enabling the CD19-TriCAR-T/SILK to simultaneously targeting the CD19 positive Non-Hodgkin lymphoma，blocking the inhibitory PD-L1 signal and stimulating innate T/NK cell activation and expansion, thus make it a tri-functional CAR (Tri-CAR). CD19-TriCAR-T is an autologous tri-functional CAR-T cell therapy, CD19-TriCAR-SILK is an Allogeneic tri-functional CAR-NK cell therapy, patients ineligible for leukapheresis or CAR-T therapy will be recommended for CD19-TriCAR-SILK therapy.
22240437|NCT03666000|This is a multicenter, nonrandomized, open-label, parallel assignment, dose-escalation, and dose-optimization study to evaluate the safety and tolerability, find an appropriate dose to optimize safety and efficacy, and evaluate clinical activity of PBCAR0191 in subjects with relapsed/refractory (r/r) B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). Before initiating PBCAR0191, subjects will be administered lymphodepletion chemotherapy composed of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide. At Day 0 of the Treatment Period, subjects will receive an intravenous (IV) infusion of PBCAR0191. All subjects are monitored during the treatment period through Day 28. All subjects who receive a dose of PBCAR0191 will be followed in a separate long-term follow-up (LTFU) study for up to15 years after exiting this study.
22302297|NCT05438368|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent cancer may have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy; therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigators attempt to use T cells genetically modified to express a 4th generation lentiviral anti-GD2/CD70 bi-specific chimeric antigen receptor (bi-4SCAR-GD2/CD70). The chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill target cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, GD2 or CD70, which is expressed at high levels on cancer cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~Disialoganglioside (GD2) is a well-studied tumor associated antigen which is expressed uniformly in nervous system-related tumors but at low levels in normal tissues. Over the past few years, CAR-T therapy against GD2 in tumor has achieved encouraging but modest outcomes. Only a fraction of patients achieved measurable responses. In solid tumors, GD2 CAR-T therapy alone may not be as effective as CAR-T cell therapy in hematological malignancies.~CD70 is a promising therapeutic target due to its restricted expression in normal tissues and overexpression in malignant tissues. Expression of CD70 was observed on multiple tumor types including kidney, breast, esophageal, liver, colon cancer, glioma, hepatoma as well as melanoma. In addition, it has been reported that anti-CD70 CAR T-cells eliminated CD70-positive cells and had strong anti-tumor effects in preclinical animal models. The CD70 targeted CAR-T cells with binding moiety of CD70 specific scFv exhibited a higher affinity and antitumor effect against CD70+ tumor cells. A potential strategy to prevent relapse due to antigen escape is to infuse T-cells capable of recognizing multiple antigens.~To overcome escape of single target antigen in tumor cells and to enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific GD2/CD70 CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in GD2 and/or CD70 positive cancer patients."
22302306|NCT05234190|This study is a multicenter, first-in-human, open-label, single-arm study of an autologous CAR T regulatory (CAR-Treg) in HLA-A2 mismatched liver transplant recipients. The aim is for the CAR-Tregs to be activated on recognition of HLA-A2 antigens present on the donated liver and subsequently induce and maintain immunological tolerance to the organ.
22365332|NCT03076437|"Despite progress has been made to date in the treatment of patients with B cell malignancies, including leukemia and lymphoma, many patients with relapsed or refractory diseases do not respond to the standard treatments. It has been shown that anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells may be an effective approach to treat the relapsed or refractory diseases. The procedure involves collecting PBMCs from the patients and modifying the T cells to attack the malignant B cells. In this trial, autologous T cells engineered to express an anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) containing the signaling domains of CD28 or 4-1BB and CD3-zeta will be infused back to patients with B cell malignancies, including lymphoma and leukemia. The patients will be pretreated with a lymphodepleting preconditioning regimen before the infusion of anti-CD19 CAR T cells, and will be monitored for adverse events, persistence of anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells and the treatment efficacy.~OBJECTIVES:~Primary objectives:~To determine the safety and feasibility of the administration of anti-CD19 CAR transduced T cells in patients with CD19+ B-cell malignancies.~Secondary objectives:~To determine if the treatment regimen can result in clinical regression of B-cell malignancies in the patients as described above.~To determine the in vivo persistency of the anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells."
22302485|NCT03706326|This is a combined phase 1 and 2 clinical study. The aim of the study is to assess the safety and efficacy of the immunotherapies using anti- MUC1 CAR T cells alone, anti- MUC1 CAR T combining PD-1 knockout engineered T cells, and PD-1 knockout engineered T cell only in the treatment of patients with advanced esophageal cancer. The treatment outcomes from each group will be compared.
22115119|NCT05544526|"The CARMIGO Trial is a single-centre, non-randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of an Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Product (ATIMP) in children and young adults aged 2-16 years with Diffuse Midline Glioma (DMG).~The ATIMP for this study is cryopreserved autologous patient-derived T-cells transduced with GD2CAR vector to generate GD2CAR T-cells.~Patients will undergo an unstimulated leucapheresis for the generation of the ATIMP which will take approximately 15 days to generate.~Patients will have an intraventricular catheter (Ommaya catheter) placed following enrolment and prior to GD2 CAR T cell infusion to allow monitoring, and treatment if necessary, of increased intracranial pressure (ICP).~Patients will receive lymphodepleting (LD) chemotherapy with fludarabine 30mg/m2 administered over 4 days (Day -6 to Day -3) and cyclophosphamide 60mg/kg administered over 2 days (Day -4 and Day-3).~All patients will be treated on Theme 1 of the study (intravenous CAR T administration) at one of the three dose levels (Dose Level 1: 3 x10^7 GD2 CAR T cells/m2; Dose Level 2: 10 x10^7 GD2 CAR T cells/m2; Dose Level 3: 30 x10^7 GD2 CAR T cells/m2) following LD chemotherapy as described above. Patients with no/partial response at Day 28 (or disease progression after initial CR beyond Day 28) and in the absence of severe/persisting toxicity related to the ATIMP, will be potentially eligible for Theme 2 of the study where they can receive Dose 2, a single dose of 30 x 10^6 CD19CAR T-cells intraventricularly via an Ommaya reservoir following LD chemotherapy as described above.~The study will evaluate the feasibility of generating the ATIMP, the safety of administering GD2CAR T-cell therapy, the tolerability of the GD2CAR T cell in patients and how effectively GD2CAR T-cells engraft, expand and persist following administration in patients with DMG.~Following infusion of GD2CAR T-cell therapy patients will be monitored for between 2-4 weeks as an inpatient. Following discharge, patients will enter the interventional follow up phase and be followed up for 1 year. Patients will be seen at 6 weeks post infusion then 3 monthly until 1 year post GD2CAR T-cell infusion.~If patients relapse within the first year post last GD2CAR T-cell infusion they will come off the interventional follow up and will be followed up annually until the end of trial is declared.~After completing the 1 year interventional phase of the study all patients, irrespective of whether they progressed or responded to treatment, will enter long term follow up until the end of trial is declared."
22302624|NCT03064269|CNS leukemia is defined as unequivocal evidence of leukemic blasts in the cerebrospinal fluid by cytology or flow cytometry; cranial palsies or a nonhemorrhagic mass seen in cranial computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging because of infiltration by leukemia cells
22241031|NCT02723942|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) is a recombinant receptor with both antigen-binding and T cell activating functions. Chimeric antigen receptor T cell Immunotherapy has more advantages compared with conventional immunotherapy, especially in dealing with patients of hematologic malignancies and solid malignant tumors.This study design a novel specific Chimeric antigen receptor targeting glypican-3(GPC3) antigen.After CAR-T cell infusion,At periodic intervals, the investigators will evaluate clinical symptoms Improved conditions of this disease.Through this study,the investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T cell immunotherapy in treating with GPC3 positive malignant glioma patients.
22241034|NCT05015972|The main aim of the study is to determine the safety and efficacy of CTA30X UCAR-T in R/R B Hematologic Malignancies. CTA30X UCAR-T is an allogeneic chimeric antigenreceptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets CD19 and B-cell Hematologic Malignancies. The study will include 72 subjects to receive CTA30X UCAR-T singleinfusion.
22241043|NCT02715362|Patients treated with leukapheresis from which peripheral blood mononuclear cells are purified. T cells are activated and then re-engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) specific for GPC3. Cells are expanded in culture and returned to the participant by transcatheter arterial infusion at the dose of .(1-10)×106 CAR positive T cells/kg. The cells perfusion process would last for 15min to 2 h via an ambulatory infusion pump. A single dose of 1.5 grams/m2 of cyclophosphamide will be given two days before CART cell infusion.
22179764|NCT05518253|This is a single-center, double-arm, open-label study. The study plans to set up 2 groups,Intravenous infusion group have 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12 subjects with CD70-positive advanced/metastatic solid tumors.Intraperitoneal injection group have 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12 subjects with CD70-positive advanced/metastatic solid tumors.
22179777|NCT05489991|"This is a Phase 1/2 single-arm study designed to identify the dose and regimen of TmPSMA-02 that can be safely administered intravenously following the lymphodepletion (LD) regimen to patients with mCRPC.~The Phase 1 dose escalation portion of the study will employ a Bayesian Optimal Interval (BOIN) Design to define the Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD) and determine the Recommended Phase 2 Dose (RP2D). Dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs) will be assessed from the start of LD regimen through 28-days post infusion of TmPSMA-02.~The Phase 2 portion will employ a Simon's 2-stage design and include a single-arm of adult patients with mCRPC treated with the TmPSMA-02 at the RP2D.~It is anticipated that up to 30 patients will enroll in the Phase 1 portion of the study and up to 84 patients will enroll in the Phase 2 portion of the study."
22179792|NCT05468190|This is a single-center, double-arm, open-label study. The research designs to follow 2 groups：Intravenous infusion group and Intraperitoneal injection group；each group sets up 2 phases,the first phase is dose discovery phase to obtain recommended doses,the second phase is dose expansion phase to verify the safety in the recommended doses. In the discovery phase,each group puts up 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12 subjects with CD70-positive advanced/metastatic solid tumors.In the dose expansion phase,each group will choose one or two dose groups to verify the safety and efficacy at this dose,and plan to recruit about 6 subjects in each dose group.
22115261|NCT03602612|"Background:~Multiple myeloma (MM) is a malignancy of plasma cells.~MM is nearly always incurable.~T cells can be genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) that specifically target malignancy-associated antigens.~Autologous T cells genetically modified to express CARs targeting the B-cell antigen B-lymphocyte antigen CD19 (CD19) have caused complete remissions in a small number of patients with leukemia or lymphoma. These results demonstrate that CAR-expressing T cells have anti-malignancy activity in humans.~B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) is a protein expressed by normal plasma cells and the malignant plasma cells of multiple myeloma.~BCMA is not expressed by normal cells except for plasma cells and some mature B cells.~We have constructed a novel anti-BCMA CAR that can specifically recognize BCMA- expressing target cells in vitro and eradicate BCMA-expressing tumors in mice.~This CAR has an antigen-recognition domain made up of a single fully-human heavy chain variable region.~We hypothesize that anti-BCMA-CAR-expressing T cells will specifically eliminate BCMA- expressing MM cells in patients~Possible toxicities include cytokine-associated toxicities such as fever, hypotension, and neurological toxicities. Elimination of normal plasma cells and unknown toxicities are also possible.~Objectives:~Primary~- Determine the safety and feasibility of administering T cells expressing an anti-BCMA CAR to patients with MM.~Eligibility:~Greater than or equal to 18 years of age and less than or equal to age 73.~Patients must have measurable MM defined as a serum M-protein greater than or equal to 1.0 g/dL or a urine M- protein greater than or equal to 200 mg/24 hours or an involved serum free light chain (FLC) level greater than or equal to 10 mg/dL (provided FLC ratio is abnormal) or a biopsy-proven plasmacytoma of 2.0 cm or more in largest dimension, or greater than or equal to 30% bone marrow plasma cells~Patients must have previously received at least 3 different treatment regimens for MM.~Patients must have prior exposure to an immunomodulatory imide drugs (IMiD) such as lenalidomide, and a proteasome inhibitor~Patients must have a creatinine level of less than or equal to 1.5 mg/dL~Patients must have a cardiac ejection fraction greater than or equal to 50%.~An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-2 is required.~Patients on any anticoagulant medications except aspirin are not eligible.~No active infections are allowed.~Absolute neutrophil count greater than or equal to 1000/microliters, platelet count greater than or equal to 55,000/ microliters, hemoglobin greater than or equal to 8g/dL~Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) less than or equal to 2.5-fold higher than the upper limit of normal.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and the required leukapheresis.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and initiation of protocol treatment.~The patients MM will need to be assessed for BCMA expression by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry performed at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The myeloma must express BCMA. If unstained, paraffin-embedded bone marrow or plasmacytoma sections are available from prior biopsies, these can be used to determine BCMA expression by immunohistochemistry; otherwise, patients will need to come to the NIH for a bone marrow biopsy or other biopsy of a plasmacytoma to determine BCMA expression. The sample for BCMA expression can come from a biopsy obtained at any time before enrollment.~Design:~This is a phase I dose-escalation trial~Patients will undergo leukapheresis~T-cells obtained by leukapheresis will be genetically modified to express an anti-BCMA CAR~Patients will receive a lymphocyte-depleting chemotherapy conditioning regimen with the intent of enhancing the activity of the infused anti-BCMA-CAR-expressing T cells.~The chemotherapy conditioning regimen is cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m^2 daily for 3 days and fludarabine 30 mg/m^2 daily for 3 days. Fludarabine will be given on the same days as the cyclophosphamide.~After the chemotherapy ends, the patients will have two days with no treatments then receive an infusion of anti-BCMA- CAR-expressing T cells.~The initial dose level will be 0.75x10^6 CAR+ T cells/kg of recipient bodyweight.~The cell dose administered will be escalated until a maximum tolerated dose is determined.~Following the T-cell infusion there will be a mandatory 9-day minimum inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~Outpatient follow-up is planned for 2 weeks, and 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, and 12 months after the CAR T-cell infusion. Afterwards, follow-up will be every six months up to at least 5 years."
22179809|NCT05442515|"Background:~Despite improvements in therapy, acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) contributes to significant morbidity and mortality for children and young adults with cancer. CD19-CAR and CD22-CAR therapy have proven highly effective in inducing remission in patients with relapsed/refractory disease.~Immune escape has been observed by several groups following CD19-CAR and CD22- CAR therapy for B-ALL. Investigation of this phenomenon reveals a complex biology responsible for loss or downregulation of CD19 and/or CD22 expression observed in these cases.~The challenges encountered with currently available CD19- and CD22-directed CAR T cells in B-ALL demonstrates the need for combinatorial treatment strategies simultaneously targeting two antigens, such as CD19 and CD22, to enhance the long-term effectiveness of CARs.~We have previously treated patients with B-ALL on a phase 1/2 clinical trial using a bivalent CD19/22 CAR T-cell as a first combinatorial treatment strategy. This CAR T-cell construct is well-tolerated and has yielded responses however there has been limited CAR T cell expansion and persistence. Additionally, the previously tested CD19/CD22 bivalent CAR T-cell construct is limited in its ability to target CD22.~This new CD19/22 targeted construct being tested in this clinical trial has improved dual targeting capability based on preclinical data/evaluation.~Objectives:~Phase I: Assess the safety of administering escalating doses of autologous CD19/CD22- CAR engineered T cells in children and young adults who are CAR-naive/have received interim hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation (HSCT) or who are CAR-pre-treated with CD19+CD22+ B cell ALL or lymphoma following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine conditioning regimen.~Phase II: Determine the efficacy of CD19/CD22 therapy in participants who are CAR- naive/interim HSCT or who are CAR pre-treated.~Eligibility:~-Participants between >= 3 years and <= 35 years of age, with CD19+/CD22+ B cell ALL or lymphoma who have relapsed or have refractory disease after at least one standard chemotherapy regimen and one salvage regimen, with no alternative curative options.~Design:~Phase I, 3 + 3 dose escalation design across 4 cohorts (B-ALL: A: CAR-naive/interim HSCT vs. B: CAR-pre-treated and B-lymphoma: C: CAR-naive/interim HSCT vs. D: CAR-pre-treated) using the following dose levels: -1: 3 x 10^5 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%); 1: 1 x 10^6 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%); 2: 3 x 10^6 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%); and 3: 1 x 10^7 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%). Cohorts will enroll concurrently.~Participants will be treated based on prior therapy:~CAR naive participants (including those who have received an interval HSCT after a prior CAR T-cells): Will receive a lymphodepleting preparative regimen of fludarabine (25 mg/m^2/d x 3 on Days -4, -3, -2) and cyclophosphamide (900 mg/m^2/d x 1 on Day -2) followed by infusion of CD19/CD22-CAR T-cells on D0.~CAR pre-treated participants: Will receive increased lymphodepleting preparative regimen of fludarabine (30 mg/m2/d x 4 on Days -5, -4, -3, -2) and cyclophosphamide (600 mg/m2/d x 2 on Days -3, -2) followed by infusion of CD19/CD22-CAR T-cells on D0.~Participants will be evaluated sequentially for toxicity, antitumor effects, CAR expansion and persistence, and other biologic correlatives."
22241237|NCT02706782|This study is being conducted to assess vascular interventional therapy mediated anti-mesothelin-CAR-T(meso-CAR-T) cells safety and efficacy in treating patients with advanced pancreatic carcinoma.The investigators constructed a 2nd CAR, using mesothelin as target, using 4-1BB as co-stimulator. The source of T cells used to prepare CAR-T should be autologous. The infusion dose is (1-10)×106 meso-CAR positive T cells/kg, and the specific cells numbers depends on the situation of individual CAR-T cells preparation. The infusion way is vascular interventional mediated, which would undergo cannula--DSA radiography--CAR-T cells perfusion. The cells perfusion process would lasts 15min to 2 h, and the specific time depends on patent's tumor-burdened state.
22179823|NCT05420545|This is a single-center, double-arm, open-label study. The study plans to set up 2 groups,Intravenous infusion group have 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12 subjects with CD70-positive advanced/metastatic solid tumors.Intraperitoneal injection group have 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12 subjects with CD70-positive advanced/metastatic solid tumors.
22179824|NCT05420519|This is a single-center, single-arm, open-label study. Intravenous infusion group have 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12 subjects with CD70-positive advanced/metastatic renal cell carcinoma in Dose discovery phase and 12 subjects in dose expansion phase.
22241377|NCT04154709|This study is indicated for r/r CD19+ B-ALL, the selection of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trial of similar foreign product, whose primary objective was to explore the safety, main consideration was dose-related safety.
22179974|NCT05035407|"Background:~KK-LC-1 is a cancer germline (CG) antigen with expression restricted to germ cells (which lack MHC class I expression) in adults and epithelial cancers including lung, breast and gastric.~This limited expression pattern makes it an ideal target for T Cell Receptor (TCR) gene therapy.~TCR T cell therapy targeting CG antigens has been shown to induce objective responses without autoimmunity or off-target toxicity in participants with melanoma, synovial sarcoma and cervical cancer~T cells genetically engineered with a TCR targeting KK-LC-1 display specific reactivity against HLA-A01:01, KK-LC-1 target cells.~KK-LC-1 TCR T cells can mediate tumor regression in pre-clinical mouse models of cancer~Objective:~To determine the maximally tolerated dose of KK-LC-1 TCR T cells plus aldesleukin for the treatment of metastatic KK-LC-1 positive epithelial cancers.~Eligibility:~Participants greater than or equal to 18 years old with metastatic or refractory/recurrent KK-LC-1 positive epithelial cancer.~Prior first line systemic therapy is required unless the participant declines standard treatment.~Participants must be HLA-A-01:01-positive.~Design:~This is a phase I clinical trial that will test the safety and efficacy of escalating doses of KK-LC-1 TCR T cells.~Participants will receive a non-myeloablative lymphocyte-depleting preparative regimen of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine followed by a single infusion of KK-LC-1 TCR T cells and high-dose aldesleukin.~Re-treatment will be allowed for a small number of subjects"
22179990|NCT05003895|"Background:~Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the fifth most common cancer worldwide and the second leading cause of cancer-associated mortality with an average life expectancy of 6-9 months~Despite the success of several studies showing efficacy in treating HCC, most clinical trials have failed to prove a survival advantage.~Adoptive T-cell therapy exploits the natural ability of T-cells to recognize and eliminate their target.~GPC3 is a cell surface protein that is expressed in nearly all HCC yet is undetectable in normal adult hepatic tissues.~We want to evaluate the role of GPC3 targeted chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T cells in advanced GPC3 expressing HCC.~Objective:~To determine the safety and feasibility of T-cells, expressing a novel humanized anti-GPC3 chimeric antigen receptor, in participants with advanced HCC, expressing GPC3.~Eligibility:~Histologically confirmed diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma~GPC3 positivity of >= 25% by immunohistochemistry~At least 1 measurable lesion by RECIST v 1.1 criteria~Age >= 18 years~Design:~We plan to conduct a phase I dose escalation designed clinical trial using CAR (hYP7)-T cells in participants with GPC3 expressing advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.~Participants will undergo leukapheresis~Participants will receive a lymphocyte depleting chemotherapy conditioning regimen with the intent of enhancing the activity of the infused CAR-expressing T cells~Following the T cell infusion, there is a mandatory 9-day inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~The participants will be closely monitored during the first year after cell infusion and followed for life."
22241451|NCT05344664|This study is a single-center, dose-escalation, prospective, exploratory study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of GPC3 CAR-T cells in subjects with hepatocellular carcinoma. The study was divided into two phases: dose escalation and dose expansion. The total study duration is expected to be 2 years. The total time for each subject to participate in the study is expected to be more than 1 year, including the screening period, non-myeloablative chemotherapy pretreatment, cell infusion-observation period, follow-up period, and then enter the survival follow-up, followed by telephone follow-up every 2 months, Collect subject survival information.
22302985|NCT04903080|"PBTC-059 is a multicenter, Phase I and Surgical study of the treatment HER2-specific CAR T cells for patients with refractory or recurrent ependymoma.~Phase I~The primary objectives of the Phase I study are to determine the safety of intravenous injection of HER2-specific CAR T cells after lymphodepleting chemotherapy, and to evaluate the multicenter feasibility of administering up to three infusions of HER2-CAR T cells after lymphodepletion.~Patients will receive one infusion of HER2psecific CAR T cells after lymphodepleting chemotherapy. Following recovery from their first treatment (no earlier than 8 weeks and no later than 12 weeks), patients will resume treatment with HER2-specific CAR T cells for up to 2 infusions after lymphodepleting chemotherapy if they meet laboratory parameters.~The length of time on study for patients enrolled on the Phase I study is anticipated to be 9 months on treatment. Patients will then be followed for 15 years after treatment.~Surgical Study~The objective of the Surgical study is to evaluate the post-treatment tumor tissue for presence of HER2-specific CAR T cells administered intravenously in children undergoing surgical resection. The surgical study will be initiated following completion of the safety evaluation period of 6 patients treated in the Phase I study.~Once the surgical study is open for enrollment, all patients who have clinical indication for surgery, except those needing urgent surgery, will be eligible for enrollment to the surgical study. Patients will receive one infusion of HER2-specific CAR T cells after lymphodepleting chemotherapy 4-6 weeks before surgical resection of their tumor, at which time samples will be taken for analysis. Following recovery from surgery (no earlier than 8 weeks and no later than 15 weeks), patients will resume treatment with HER2-specific CAR T cells for up to 2 infusions if they meet laboratory parameters.~The first patient in the surgical study will complete a 6-week safety evaluation period prior to enrollment of the subsequent patient. The length of time on study for patients enrolled on the Surgical study is anticipated to be 10 months on treatment. Patients will then be followed for 15 years after treatment.~Dosing~All patients on Phase I and Surgical study will receive HER2 CAR T cells at a patient-specific dose level 1 (8x10^7 CAR-positive T cells/m^2) for infusion. The cell dose will be based on the patient weight and height obtained by the treating institution at the time of procurement. For patients whose BMI is greater than 95th percentile for given age and sex, the Body surface area (BSA) will be calculated using the ideal body weight.~In the event that dose level 1 is found to have excessive toxicity, three additional doses of CAR T cells at dose level -1 (5x10^7 CAR-positive T cells/m^2) will be made to be used in the event that dose de-escalation occurs before a patient is enrolled for treatment."
22303077|NCT03767725|This is multi-center, phase I trial that studies the side effects and best dose of BCMA CART cells in treating patients with BCMA positive multiple myeloma that have not respond to chemotherapy and autologous Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (Auto-HSCT). B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), a cell surface protein expressed on mutiple maloma cells , has emerged as a very selective antigen to be targeted in novel immunotherpy for MM. Targeting postulated CD19+ myeloma stem cells with anti-CD19 CAR-T cells is a novel approach to MM therapy.
22186472|NCT04691284|"Currently, available findings coming mainly from allo-HSCT (hhematopoietic cell transplantation) studies, link particular changes in microbiota with overall survival and post-transplant disorders, especially GvHD. According to limited data, further evaluation of associations between the alterations in microbiome composition and toxicities. Detail investigation of both the microbiome and host immune system may help to find microbiome markers useful for very early identification of patients at risk for major transplant-related complications. This might bring the possibility to modulate the gut microbiota in patient´s specific manner to achieve optimal therapeutic outcome and follow-up, while avoiding severe post-transplant complications.~This is prospective, single center, non-randomized, hypothesis generating study. Patients will be asked to provide a sample of blood, urine and stool. This blood will be used for plasma and serum banking for further analysis, including micro RNA (miR) and chemokine detection. Stool will be used for microbiome studies - isolation of total DNA/RNA and 16S (RNA component of the small subunit of a prokaryotic ribosome) rRNA (ribosomal ribonucleic acid) gene sequencing for bacterial taxonomic classification. Furthermore, metagenomic sequencing and subsequent taxonomic and functional classification of microbial genes will be used including characterization of potentially clinically relevant features of the microbiome such as antibiotic resistance and microbial virulence factors."
22303122|NCT03916679|"Primary Objectives~To determine the feasibility ad safety of anti-MESO CAR-T cells in treating patients with MESO-positive ovarian cancer.~Secondary Objectives~To access the efficacy of anti-MESO CAR-T cells in patients with ovarian cancer.~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of anti- MESO CAR-T cells."
22180159|NCT04420754|"The primary objective of this study is to assess the safety and tolerability of AIC100 CAR T Cells and determine the recommended Phase 2 dose of AIC100 in patients with relapsed/refractory poorly differentiated thyroid cancer and in patients with anaplastic thyroid cancer that are BRAF wild-type, including newly diagnosed, or BRAF mutant anaplastic thyroid cancer after failure of BRAF mutant specific therapy.~Upon enrollment, patients will undergo apheresis for collection of autologous lymphocytes. The autologous T cells will be transfected and expanded in vitro to generate the AIC100 CAR T Cell product. After lymphodepleting chemotherapy, AIC100 CAR T Cells will be infused.~The study drug product, AIC100, consists of autologous CAR T cells targeting intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) on thyroid cancer. In addition, AIC100 cells express the somatostatin receptor subtype 2 (SSTR2), which should enable imaging of AIC100 CAR T Cells."
22180198|NCT04227275|"This is a Phase 1 single-arm study designed to identify the dose and regimen of CART-PSMA- TGFβRDN cells that can be safely administered intravenously following the lymphodepletion (LD) regimen to patients with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC). Following Dose Escalation, a Cohort Expansion will enroll patients to further explore the safety and tolerability of the selected dose and schedule.~It is anticipated that up to 50 patients will enroll in this study in both dose escalation and cohort expansion."
22180246|NCT04029038|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the safety of infusion with chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting CD19 and CD22.~II. To find the recommended phase II dose for recurrent/refractory CD19+CD22+ B cell malignancies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe the overall response rate and complete response rate of relapsed B cell malignancies treated with CAR-T cells targeting CD19 and CD22.~II. To assess other response variables including minimal residual disease (MRD) negative remission, overall survival (OS), and event free survival (EFS).~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the immune reconstitution and persistence of CAR T cells for one year post infusion.~OUTLINE: This is a phase I, dose escalation study of autologous CD19/CD22 chimeric antigen receptor T-cells (CD19-CD22 CAR T cells) followed by a phase II study.~Patients receive standard of care cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes and fludarabine IV over 30 minutes on days -5, -4, and -3, and then receive CD19-CD22 CAR T cells IV on day 0. Patients with relapsed or persistent disease after a protocol assessment may receive a second infusion of CD19-CD22 CAR T cells.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 1, 2, 3, 6, and 12 months."
22180486|NCT02315612|"Background:~Adoptive cellular therapy with T cells genetically modified using viral-based vectors to express chimeric antigen receptors targeting the CD19 molecule have demonstrated dramatic clinical responses in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). However, not all patients respond and CD19-negative escape has been observed following CD19 CAR therapy, as well as anti-CD19/CD3 bispecific antibody therapy. Thus, additional targets are needed.~CD22 is a B-lineage-restricted, transmembrane phosphoglycoprotein of the Ig superfamily that is widely expressed on B-cell malignancies including 96% to 100% of pediatric Bprecursor ALL. Therefore, CD22 represents a promising target. Encouraging responses targeting CD22 with an antibody based immunoconjugate have been seen in patients, including children, with recurrent and refractory ALL. This will be the first in human testing of anti-CD22 CAR adoptive cell therapy.~Objectives:~To determine the feasibility of producing anti-CD22 CAR cells meeting established release criteria. Complete~To assess the safety of administering escalating doses of anti-CD22-CAR engineered T cells in children and young adults with recurrent or refractory CD22- expressing B cell malignancies following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine preparative regimen.~Eligibility:~- Patients 3-39 years of age, at least 14.5 kg, with CD22-expressing B-cell malignancies that have recurred after or not responded to one or more standard regimens and deemed incurable by standard therapy. Patients with a history of allogeneic hematopoietic transplantation (SCT) who meet all eligibility criteria are eligible to participate. Patients previously treated with anti-CD19 CAR engineered T cells are also eligible.~Design:~PBMC will be obtained by leukapheresis, CD3+ cells enriched and cultured in the presence of anti-CD3/-CD28 beads followed by lentiviral vector supernatant containing the anti-CD22 (M971BBz) CAR.~On Day -4 (cell infusion is Day 0), patients will begin induction chemotherapy comprising fludarabine 25 mg/m2 on Days -4, -3, and -2 and cyclophosphamide 900 mg/m2 on day -2.~The CD22-CAR cells will be infused on Day 0, with up to a 72h delay allowed for infusion of fresh cells or a 7 day delay if cells are cryopreserved, if needed for resolution of clinical toxicities, to generate adequate cell numbers, or to facilitate scheduling.~A phase I cell dose escalation scheme will be performed using 3 dose levels (3 x 10(5) transduced T cells/kg; 1 x 10(6) transduced T cells/kg; and 3 x 10(6) transduced T cells/kg;). If 2/6 patients have DLT at dose level 1, safety will be evaluated in a de-escalated dose of 1 x 10(5) transduced T cells/kg (more or less 20%)). Once the maximum tolerated dose (or highest level evaluated) is reached, enrollment into an expansion cohort of a total of 83 patients at MTD will proceed to provide additional information regarding the feasibility, safety and efficacy of this treatment.~Patients will be monitored for toxicity, response and T cell persistence as well as other biologic correlates."
22242233|NCT04033302|"Hematological malignancies including T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL), T cell lymphoma (TCL), natural killer cell lymphoma (NKL) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) are aggressive diseases which may express the early T cell development molecule CD7.~T-ALL represents 15% of childhood and 25% of adult ALL, and T-ALL patients are prone to early disease relapse and suffer from poor outcomes. Several immunophenotypic classifications have been proposed. According to European Group for the Immunological Characterization of Leukemias (EGIL), the presence of cytoplasmic or membrane expression of CD3 defines T-ALL. Four subgroups are proposed: (TI) the immature subgroup or pro-T-ALL is defined by the expression of CD7 and cCD3; (TII) pre-T-ALL also expresses CD2 and/or CD5 and/or CD8; (TIII) or cortical T-ALL shows CD1a positivity; (TIV) finally, mature T-ALL is characterized by the presence of surface CD3 and CD1a negativity.~Over the past few years, T cells modified with lentiviral chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) gene have been studied in different clinical settings. CD7 is a T cell surface protein that plays important role in T cell-B cell interaction in early lymphoid development, displays membrane expression early during T cell development before TCR rearrangement, and persists through terminal stages of T cell development, and a well-known marker for T-ALL. CD7 is considered a promising target for the treatment of T-ALL, TCL, AML and NKL. In this study, we will investigate CD7 CAR-T in combination with alternative targeting CAR-T cells as a new strategy to treat hematological malignancies.~The T cells from patients or transplantation donors will be genetically modified with lentiviral CAR vector to recognize CD7 expressed on the surface of the cancer cells. The engineered T cells will be applied to patients through intravenous delivery.~The purpose of this clinical trial is to assess the feasibility, safety and efficacy of multiple CAR-T cell therapy in hematological malignancies. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the function of CAR T cells and their persistence in the patients."
22303414|NCT04697290|This Phase I study is designed as a pilot trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cell therapy in subjects with refractory and relapsed B-NHL. Subjects will receive cytoreductive chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -5, -4 and -3 followed by infusion of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells. Safety and efficacy of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells therapy in patients with refractory and relapsed B-NHL.
22303592|NCT03289455|The study will consist of 2 phases, a Phase I or dose escalation phase and a Phase II or expansion phase. Paediatric or young adult patients with relapsed or refractory B cell ALL will be enrolled in both phases of the study. Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis in order to harvest T cells, which is the starting material for the manufacture of the autologous CAR T product AUTO3 which is a CD19 and CD22 dual targeting CAR T cell product. Following pre-conditioning by a chemotherapeutic regimen, the patient will receive AUTO3 intravenously as a single or split dose and will then enter a 24-month follow-up period.
22115809|NCT02050347|"The subject or his/her donor will give blood to make CD19/CD28 chimeric receptor-T cells in the laboratory. These cells will be grown and frozen. To make the T cells, the donor/subject's blood will be stimulated with growth factors to make the T cells grow. To get the CD19 antibody with CD28 to attach to the surface of the T cell, an antibody gene will be inserted into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps investigators find the T cells in the blood using a special laboratory test. Subjects will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~When a subject enrolls on this study, s/he will be assigned a dose of CD19/CD28 chimeric receptor-T cells and should not receive other cancer treatment until 6 weeks after cell infusion.~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation. Because of that, if the subject's level of circulating T cells is relatively high, s/hemay receive treatment with cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine (chemotherapy drugs) before the T cells. If the subject is already receiving chemotherapy, this may not be needed.~The subject will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose. The injection will take up to 10 minutes. The research staff will follow the subject in the clinic after the injection for up to 4 hours. If after a 4-6 week evaluation period after the infusion, the subject seems to be experiencing a benefit (confirmed by radiological studies, physical exam and/or symptoms), s/he may be able to receive up to 5 additional doses of the T cells. These additional infusions would be at least 4-6 weeks apart and at the same dose level received the first time or a lower dose.~There will be medical tests during and after treatment. To learn more about the way the CD19 chimeric receptor-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn."
22242972|NCT02813837|This single arm, open-label, multi-center clinical trial is studying CD19 targeted chimeric antigen receptor T cells therapy in treating patients with CD19 positive malignant B-cell derived leukemia and lymphoma that is relapsed (after stem cell transplantation or chemotherapy) or refractory to chemotherapy. When patients enroll in this trial, autologous CD19CART cells were generated from the mononuclear cells of the patient's peripheral blood (PB). During the term of cell preparation of CD19CART cells, patients will receive a conditioning regimen. One day after completing conditioning regimen, the patient will be given infusions of CD19CART cells into the vein over a period of 1 to 3 days. Patients will be monitored for a response, toxic effects, and the expansion and persistence of circulating CD19CART cells.
22366378|NCT05179603|"The duration of the study for an individual patient will start from the signature of the main informed consent and include:~a screening period of up to 28 days;~a treatment period [max] 35 cycles (21 days per cycle) for Cohort A and 52 cycles (14 days per cycle) for Cohort C1 or until occurrence of unacceptable toxicities or until PD;~an end-of-treatment visit at least approximately 30 days following the last administration of study drug (or until the patient receives another anticancer therapy, whichever is earlier);~and a follow-up visits 3 months after treatment discontinuation and every 3 months thereafter following, until disease progression, or initiation of another antitumor treatment, or death, whichever is earlier."
22366395|NCT03283631|"Patients with evidence of radiographic recurrence who expressed EGFRvIII on their original tumor diagnosis had autologous PBMCs harvested by leukapheresis. These autologous PBMCs were transduced with a retrovirus containing the sequences for the EGFRvIII CAR and sent to the Duke Radiopharmacy for radiolabeling with 111Indium (111In). Within 2-3 weeks of leukapheresis, on Day -4 to -2, patients had a BrainLab MRI to prepare for biopsy and catheter placement. On Day -1, the patient underwent standard of care (SOC) stereotactic biopsy under local anesthesia to confirm tumor recurrence. At the time of biopsy, prior to catheter insertion and administration of study drug, the presence of recurrent tumor was confirmed by histopathology. If tumor recurrence was confirmed, a catheter was placed intratumorally for delivery of EGFRvIII-CARs by Convection Enhanced Delivery (CED).~SRS will took place on Day 0 (+1 day) and 111In-labeled EGFRvIII-CARs were infused on the same day over a 6 to 6.5 hour period immediately after SRS.~On days 1 and 2 after 111In-labeled EGFRvIII-CAR infusion, whole planar imaging followed by Single-Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) Computed Tomography (CT) imaging assessed the intracerebral and systemic localization of the 111In-labeled EGFRvIII-CARs that described the distribution of EGFRvIII-CARs within the brain and systemically.~This protocol was designed to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of a novel, tumor-specific treatment with autologous EGFRvIII-CARs. The proposed starting dose was 2.5 x 10^8 of 111In-labeled cells in 3 milliliters (mL). The infusion flow rate was fixed at 0.5 mL/hr.~Enrollment on this study was suspended in April 2020 while an amendment to reduce the anticipated number of participants was under review and approved. Upon approval of this amendment, the enrollment suspension remained due to a change in access to necessary equipment for CAR manufacturing. The decision to terminate the study was made in January, 2021 to shift toward the next iteration of a related CAR T cell trial. The knowledge gained from this study experience is directing our next CAR T-cell platform and will be used to secure additional funding."
22115924|NCT03287817|The study will consist of 2 phases, a Phase I or dose escalation and expansion phase, and a Phase II. Patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL will be enrolled in both phases of the study. Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis in order to harvest T cells, which is the starting material for the manufacture of the autologous CAR T product AUTO3 which is a CD19 and CD22 dual targeting CAR T cell product. Following pre-conditioning by a chemotherapeutic regimen, the patient will receive AUTO 3 intravenously as a single dose and in addition a limited duration of treatment with an anti-PD1 antibody (either as part of the pre-conditioning regimen or consolidation). Patients will then enter a 36-month follow-up period.
22366486|NCT03267173|Immunotherapy has become the major breakthrough and the most promising treatment, with the host of development of tumor biology, molecular biology and immunology. It has become the fourth tumor treatment model after traditional tumor therapies (surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy) . With the development of the research field, the CAR-T cell basis and clinical research of various targets have achieved good results. Mesothelin, PSCA, CEA, HER2, MUC1 and EGFRvIII are potential targets and spectacular paradigm in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic cancer. This study is for evaluation of the safety and efficacy of Mesothelin, PSCA, CEA, HER2, MUC1, EGFRvIII targeted and other CAR-T cell immunotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
22243183|NCT04236011|The main aim of the study is to determine the safety and efficacy of GC012F in r/r MM. GC012F is an autologous dual chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) and CD19. This study comprises of a Screening Phase (less than or equal to [<=] 28 days prior to apheresis) followed by Apheresis (will occur upon enrollment); Treatment Phase including a conditioning regimen followed by infusion of GC012F and post-infusion assessments from Day 1 to Day 84; and a Post-treatment Phase (Day 85 and up to end of the study). Efficacy will be explored to assessed and safety will be closely monitored during the study.
22181221|NCT05539430|This is a Phase 1, open label, multicenter study to evaluate Claudin 18.2-targeting CAR-T cells (LB1908) in adult subjects with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic gastric, GEJ, esophageal, or pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients will be confirmed to have sufficient expression of Claudin 18.2 as part of a prescreening. The study comprises a dose-escalation component (Part A) and a dose-expansion component (Part B). In part A, patients with gastric, GEJ, or esophageal adenocarcinoma will be treated with LB1908 at protocol-defined dose level, with escalation to higher doses in subsequent patients guided by evaluation of protocol-defined dose limiting toxicities (DLTs). Part A will identify the recommended dose for expansion (RDE) to be tested in part B in two cohorts: a gastric, GEJ and esophageal adenocarcinoma cohort as well as a pancreatic adenocarcinoma cohort. Part B will aim to identify the recommended dose for phase 2 (RP2D).
22116008|NCT05445765|AML is a rapidly progressing blood cancer and treated by high-dose multi-agent chemotherapy potentially followed by hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Despite such intensive therapies, which are often associated with considerable toxicities and even death, about 60-70% of AML patients still relapse. Furthermore, the five-year survival rate from AML remains at a dismal 27%. AML is composed mostly of CD33+ leukemic blast cells. Therefore, CD33 is a potential good target by CAR T cells.
22243284|NCT02794961|CD19 is an ideal target with great potential for treating B-cell-derived hematological malignancies. Although the complete remission rate is as high as 93% by using CD19-targeting CAR-T technology, approximately 60% patients will have recurrent disease. Among all the recurrent patients, two thirds is revealed to loss their CD19 expression on B cell surface. For overcoming this issue, we establish a new chimeric antigen receptor containing humanized single chain antibody sequence to target CD22 molecule on B cells.
22181471|NCT01853631|"Patients will give the investigators blood to make CD19 CD28 (with and without CD137) chimeric receptor-T cells in the laboratory. These cells will be grown and frozen. To make the T cells, investigators will take blood (or blood from a donor) and stimulate it with growth factors to make the T cells grow. To get the CD19 antibody and CD28 (with or without CD137) to attach to the surface of the T cell, they will insert the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps to find the T cells in the blood after injecting them; in order to tell them apart investigators have made two viruses that are slightly different because one has CD137. These two viruses can be told apart by a special laboratory test. Because the patient will receive cells with a new gene in them, the patient will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer. If the patient cannot visit the clinic, he or she will be contacted by the research coordinator or physician.~When subjects enroll on this study, they will be assigned a dose of CD19 chimeric receptor-T cells. Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation.~Because of that, if the subject's level of circulating T cells is relatively high, s/he may receive one treatment of cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine if the doctor thinks this is appropriate. This drug will decrease the numbers of the subject's own T cells before infusion of the CD19 chimeric receptor T cells. If subject is already receiving chemotherapy, this may not be needed. The investigators would prefer subjects do not receive other chemotherapy until 6 weeks after cell infusion but they can do so if their doctor thinks it is medically necessary.~Patients will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose. The injection will take about 20 minutes. The investigators will follow them in the clinic after the injection for up to 3 hours.~If after a 6 week evaluation period after the infusion, the patient seems to be experiencing a benefit (confirmed by radiological studies, physical exam and/or symptoms), s/he may be able to receive up to five additional doses of the T cells if s/he wishes. The first repeat infusion can only take place at least 6 weeks after the first infusion. Any additional infusions after that would be at least 4 weeks apart. All additional infusions will be at the same dose level received the first time or a lower dose. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital."
22181765|NCT04601831|"Early clinical trials of CAR-T in R/R NHL suggest that only ~40% of patients achieve CR by day 30 PET/CT evaluation. Of those who do not, the large majority (~70%) ultimately fail, while ~30% convert to CR after a median time of 64 days (range, 49-424). This group of patients, who have incomplete response on day 30 PET/CT after CAR-T and thus are most likely to fail CAR-T alone, may be the ideal target for early therapeutic intervention to 're-prime' CAR-T and convert them from IR to CR.~Preclinical and early clinical studies suggest potential immune augmentation when combining RT with CAR-T. Therefore, we propose a phase I/II clinical trial investigating the impact of RT to poor responding sites of disease after CD19-directed CAR-T in R/R NHL patients who are likely to fail CAR-T alone. We hypothesize that focal RT to residual FDG-avid sites of disease on day 30 PET/CT will improve the number of patients who convert to CR by day 90 PET/CT both through local cytotoxic effects as well as local and systemic synergistic effects through 're-priming' of CAR T-cells."
22181789|NCT04316624|"This study plans to enroll 10 patients to assess the safety and efficacy of C-CAR066. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will receive a single dose of C-CAR066 injection.~The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), C-CAR066 infusion and Follow-up Visit."
22181822|NCT04036019|"This study plans to enroll 10 patients to assess the safety and efficacy of C-CAR066. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will receive a single dose of C-CAR066 injection.~The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre- Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), C-CAR066 infusion and Follow-up Visit."
22116459|NCT05141253|Leukapheresis procedure will be performed to manufacture RD133 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) modified T cells. Bridging therapy is allowed between PBMC collection and lymphodepletion. Lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide was performed for three consecutive days. After 1-day rest, subjects will receive a single dose infusion of RD133 at 1.0, 3.0, or 6.0x 10^6 CAR+ T cells/Kg. Subjects will be followed in the study for a minimum of 2 years after RD133 infusion. Long-term follow-up for lentiviral vector safety will be followed for up to 15 years after RD133 infusion.
22244224|NCT02765243|"Background:~Patients with refractory and/or recurrent neuroblastoma have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy; therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigators are attempting to use T cells obtained directly from the patient, which can be genetically modified to express a 4th generation GD2-specific chimeric antigen receptor (4SCAR-GD2). The chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill neuroblastoma through the recognition of a surface antigen, GD2, which is expressed at high levels in neuroblastoma but not at significant levels on normal tissues. This study will evaluate the side effects and the best dose of a novel 4th generation anti-GD2 CAR T cells to refractory and/or recurrent neuroblastoma.~Objectives:~1. Primary: To determine the safety and feasibility of administration of 4SCAR-GD2 T cells to children with neuroblastoma following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine preparative regimen.~2. Secondary:~To determine if the administration of 4SCAR-GD2 T cells can establish an antitumor effects in children with neuroblastoma who receive preparative regimen.~To describe the toxicity of administration of anti-GD2 CAR T cells in children with or without high-burden disease.~To evaluate the incidence and the treatment effect of cytokine release syndrome (CRS).~To determine the expansion and functional persistence of 4SCAR-GD2 T cells in the peripheral blood of patients and the correlation with antitumor effects.~Eligibility:~Patients 1-14 years of age, at least 10 kg, with neuroblastoma that has recurred after or not responded to standard therapy and is deemed incurable by standard therapy.~Design:~Participants will be screened through physical exam and medical history. Blood and urine samples will be collected. Imaging studies or bone marrow aspirates may be performed.~Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) will be obtained by apheresis, and T cells will be activated and modified to express the 4SCAR-GD2 gene.~On Day -7, PBMC will be activated and enriched for T cells, which will be followed by 4SCAR-GD2 lentiviral transduction. The total culture time is approximately 5-10 days.~Participants will receive a preparative conditioning regimen comprising cyclophosphamide/fludarabine to prepare their immune system to accept the modified CAR T cells. The preparative regimen is consisted of fludarabine 25 mg/m(2) on days -4, -3 and -2 and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m(2) on day-4, -3 and -2.~Participants will receive an infusion of the modified 4SCAR-GD2 T cells and closely followed up for treatment related responses.~Participants will have frequent follow-up visits to monitor the outcome of the treatment."
22304639|NCT05181501|"Before enrollment, subjects will receive chemotherapy regimen of either Bortezomib-Lenalidomide-Dexamethasone (VRD), Bortezomib-Cyclophosphamide-Dexamethasone (PCD) or Bortezomib-Adriamycin-Dexamethasone (PAD) as induction therapy for 3 cycles. Evaluation will be made after 2 cycles of chemotherapy. If the subject is not intended to have stem cell transplantation or unsuitable for autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (ASCT) as judged by the investigator, he/she will receive the 3rd cycle of chemotherapy. If the subject meets the inclusion criteria, he/she will be enrolled in the study.~Peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) will be collected to manufacture CT103A. After PBMC collection, the subject will receive another cycle of chemotherapy and evaluated. Lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide will be performed for three consecutive days. After 1-day rest, subjects will receive a single infusion of CT103A at 1.0 ×10^6 /kg. Subjects will be followed in the study for a minimum of 2 years after CT103A infusion. Long-term follow-up for lentiviral vector safety will be followed for up to 15 years after CT103A infusion."
22367127|NCT04430595|Breast cancer is one of the most frequent cancer types in women. The average risk of a woman in the United States developing breast cancer in her life is about 13%. That means that there is a 1 in 8 chance she will develop breast cancer. Human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) is one of the more well-researched genes in breast cancer so far. It has been reported that HER2 gene is overexpressed in 20% to 30% of breast cancer patients. HER2 is an important target for tumor gene therapy. In 2003, scientists confirmed the existence of breast cancer stem cells. In 2012, ganglioside GD2 was confirmed as an emerging marker of breast cancer stem cells. Targeting therapies for GD2 may help improve the survival rate and cure rate of breast cancer patients. Invasion and metastasis of tumor cells is the main cause of cancer death. CD44v6 is an adhesion molecule on the cell surface, which not only promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition, degradation and remodeling of extracellular matrix, but also participates in organ-specific metastasis of tumor cells. Studies have shown that overexpression of CD44v6 is an important factor for the invasion and metastasis of breast cancer, and is closely related to the tumor size of the breast cancer, tumor staging, and lymph node metastasis. Therefore, CD44v6 may be an important target for the treatment of breast cancer. Using Her2-, GD2- and CD44v6-specific CAR-T cells may effectively improve the immunotherapy treatment, prevent tumor cells from escaping treatment, and achieve the effect of long-term disease relief.
22117075|NCT03029273|"This Phase 1 study is designed as a cell dose escalation trial evaluating the safety of TAEST16001 T cell therapy in subjects with NSCLC who have received prior therapy for their disease but the disease has progressed or relapsed. Anti-tumor activity and other exploratory objectives will be assessed. Subjects enter from a Screening Protocol and are positive for HLA-A2*02:01 and have tumor that express NY-ESO-1. The subjects will be evaluated DLT and MTD using a modified 3+3 cell dose escalation design to determine the cell dose range. Subjects will receive cytoreductive chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide (250-500mg/m2/day) plus fludarabine (25mg/m2/day) on day -7 to day -5 followed by infusion of dose of about 5×109 TAEST16001 and IL-2(s.c.).~Subjects will stay in hospital for safety and efficacy assessment daily from T cell infusion (Day 0) through Day 7, and then weekly until week 4 and then at 8 weeks, 12 weeks, 16 weeks and every 3 months until progression of their disease."
22367624|NCT04853277|"Individuals who decide to participate in this study, will be provided with a survey evaluating symptoms they are currently having. This survey should take approximately 10 minutes to complete.~Individuals will then be scheduled for a 30 minute telephone visit to review common emotional stressors experienced after Stem Cell Transplant/CAR-T therapy as well as strategies to help reduce these symptoms. They will be provided with a pamphlet to review during the visit and on their own time afterwards. This visit will be conducted by telephone to avoid extra travel to the hospital, and will be conducted prior to admission for Transplant/CAR-T.~Individuals will then be asked to fill out the same set of surveys at 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, and 12 months after their transplant/CAR-T therapy. These surveys will be conducted during other scheduled clinic visits to avoid additional travel to the hospital.~An individual's involvement will be complete at 1 year.~If an individual receives their post-transplant/CAR-T care at a hospital other than DHMC, surveys will be mailed to them to complete and return at the same time points."
22367884|NCT03232619|Chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CART) is a kind of engineered immunotherapy by transferring an artificial antigen binding receptor and also intercellular co-stimulating molecules into T cells. This kind of engineered T cells gains the ability to recognize antigen specific tumor cells and initiate the killing process in a HLA-independent way. CD19 is the specific cellular marker of B lineage acute leukemia (B-ALL), thus CD19-CART will be efficient in treating B lineage ALL. The investigators have constructed two kinds of CD19-CART. One is equipped with a murine CD19 scFv (single-chain variable fragmentt), while the other with a humanized scFv. This study aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of both murine and humanized CD19-CART in treating refractory or recurrent ALL.
22367920|NCT04792593|"Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of Senl-h19 CAR-T in patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia Secondary research purpose To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of Senl-h19 CAR-T in patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia."
22117305|NCT04499573|"The main objectives of the study are:~To investigate the incidence of adverse events of grade 3-5 within after CD19/CD22 CAR lymphocyte infusion by day 28,~To evaluate the incidence of complete remission and MRD-negative CR by day 28~To evaluate the long-term effectiveness of CD19/CD22 CAR-T therapy (cumulative incidence of relapse, event-free survival, overall survival) at 1, 2, and 5 years after infusion.~To evaluate the persistence of CD19/CD22 CAR-T cells and duration of B-cell aplasia (<1% B-cells in the blood) and hypogammaglobulinemia In order to prevent the development of CRS, all patients will receive an infusion of tocilizumab at 8 mg/kg body weight on day 0 before CAR-T cells infusion.~Step-down and step-up dosing will be used to adapt the trial to the scenario of excess toxicity and/or suboptimal effect. Reevaluation of dosing will be done for each cohort separately after the enrollment 5th study subject reaches day 28 or earlier if the threshold for excess toxicity or suboptimal effect is achieved.~Based on interim analysis in March 2021 after the enrollment 5th study subject reaches day 28 study population will be divided into three cohorts:~CD19-positive (both CD19 and CD22 expressed on over 50% of leukemia cells), low and high disease burden.~CD19-negative (CD22 expressed on over 50% of leukemia cells) low and high disease burden;~Allogeneic HSCT+ allogeneic CAR-T cohort"
22305333|NCT03356782|Patients with late staged and/or recurrent sarcoma have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy. Therefore, novel curative approaches are needed.This study will combine two different ways to fight sarcoma: antibodies and CAR-T cells. Several immune checkpoint antibodies have been examined on various tumors with good outcomes. Sarcoma is known to express increased levels of surface antigens that can be targeted by CAR-T cells. Thus, in this study, the 4SCAR-IgT cells targeting sarcoma surface antigens will be infused in dose escalation cohorts.This study will assess the feasibility, safety, efficacy and side effects of CAR T cells immunotherapy in patients who have sarcoma that is relapsed or late staged.
22368083|NCT04745559|This is a phase II, single-institution study to investigate if pneumococcal vaccination before and after CD19-targeted CAR T cell therapy elicits cellular and humoral immunity to pneumococcus in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell lymphomas. All the participants will receive the same treatment. Immunoglobulins (IgG) against pneumococcal serotypes not included in the vaccine will be served as an internal control. Treatment includes the same dose (0.5ml) of PCV13 one time prior to apheresis followed by two times after CAR T cell therapy
22368103|NCT05554575|"Primary objective:~To investigate the safety and efficacy of CD7 CAR-T cells in the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory acute T cell lymphoblastic lymphoma (R/R T-LBL).~Secondary objective:~To assess the patient's quality of life after receiving the treatment."
22368105|NCT01318317|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the safety of cellular immunotherapy utilizing ex vivo expanded autologous central memory T cell (TCM)-enriched cluster of differentiation (CD)8+ T cells genetically-modified to express a CD19-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) in conjunction with a standard myeloablative autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (aHSCT) for research participants with high-risk intermediate grade B-lineage non-Hodgkin lymphomas who have relapsed after primary therapy, or who did not achieve complete remission with primary therapy. (Phase I) II. To determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) on dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) and to describe the full toxicity profile. (Phase I) III. To determine the rate of research participants receiving TCM-enriched CD8+ T cells genetically-modified to express a CD19-specific CAR for which the transferred cells are detected in the circulation 28 days (+/- 3 days) by woodchuck hepatitis virus post-transcriptional regulatory element (WPRE) quantitative (Q)-polymerase chain reaction (PCR). (Phase II)~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the tempo, magnitude, and duration of engraftment of the transferred T cell product as it relates to the number of cells infused. (Phase II) II. To study the impact of this therapeutic intervention on the development of CD19+ B-cell precursors in the bone marrow as a surrogate for the in vivo effector function of transferred CD19-specific T cells. (Phase II) III. To describe the progression-free and overall survival of treated research participants on this protocol. (Phase II)~OUTLINE: This is a phase I, dose-escalation study of genetically engineered lymphocyte therapy followed by a phase II study.~Patients receive standard salvage chemotherapy per standard practice and undergo standard mobilization for stem cell collection with filgrastim and/or plerixafor. Some patients may also receive rituximab intravenously (IV) within 4 weeks of transplant. Patients receive standard myeloablative conditioning followed by autologous PBSCT. Patients then undergo infusion of ex vivo expanded autologous TCM-enriched CD8+ T cells expressing CD19-specific CAR on day 2 or 3 after transplant.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up periodically for at least 15 years."
22305376|NCT05239689|The CAR-T cell injection uses immune cells from healthy donors, and is the final product obtained after CAR genetic modification, cell expansion, culture, screening, preparation, sub-packaging, and release inspection. CD38 is highly expressed in myeloid leukemia, and it has been confirmed that the treatment of targeting CD38 has great potential in the treatment of CD38-positive hematological malignancies. The center intends to apply for a clinical trial of CD38 CAR-T cells to treat CD38-positive hematological malignancies on the basis of preliminary research.
22368209|NCT05538195|According to the different infusion methods, it is divided into two subgroups: intravenous infusion and local infusion through the peritoneal cavity. Each subgroup includes a dose exploration stage (Part A) and a dose expansion stage (Part B). 3 patients were explored, starting from the low-dose group, and in the dose expansion phase, the safety and efficacy were further verified according to the safe recommended dose obtained in the dose exploration phase.
22305504|NCT04503538|"Primary Objective: To determine feasibility of telemedicine for outpatient cytokine release syndrome and neurotoxicity assessment (how many telemedicine visits successfully completed per patient)~Secondary Objective(s)~To determine how many times a telemedicine visit triggered an action (inpatient admission/ outpatient observation status)~To determine how many patients were detected to have cytokine release syndrome and/or neurotoxicity based on their telemedicine visit"
22183674|NCT05373147|This is a single arm, open-label, dose escalation clinical study to evaluate the safety and tolerability of autologous mesothelin (MSLN)-targeted chimeric antigen receptor (MSLN-CAR) T cells secreting PD-1 nanobodies (αPD1-MSLN-CAR T cells) in patients with solid tumors.The safety and efficacy of αPD1-MSLN-CAR T cells will be assessed in a standard 3+3 dose escalation approach. Four doses of CAR T cells will be evaluated in this study: 1×10^5 CAR+ T cells/kg, 3×10^5 CAR+ T cells/kg, 1×10^6 CAR+ T cells/kg, and 3×10^6 CAR+ T cells/kg.
22117601|NCT04351022|The patients will receive infusion of CAR T-cells targeting CD38 to confirm the safety and efficacy of CD38 CAR T-Cells in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia.
22368825|NCT05515185|This is a single-center, single-arm, open-label study. This study is planned to enroll about 30 subjects with advanced solid tumors. Autologous CAR-T cells were then infused intravenously into subjects, in a dose-escalating 3+3 design.
22368893|NCT03173417|Assessment of the Safety and Feasibility of Administering T Cells Expressing an Anti-CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor to Patients With CD19+ B-cell leukemia and determine the best dosage.
22245034|NCT02735291|This is a single-arm,multicenter Phase 2 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the CAR-T for recurrent or refractory acute non T lymphocyte leukemia.The study will be conducted using a phase I/II design.The study will have the following sequential phases:Part A (screening leukapheresis, cell product preparation, and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and Part B (treatment and follow-up). The follow-up period for each participant is approximately 35 months after the final CAR-T infusion. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 3 years. A total of 24 patients may be enrolled over a period of 3 years.
22245123|NCT02737085|The anti-CD20 antibody has been broadly used in the treatment of B cell malignancies and exhibited good clinical outcomes. The CD19-targeted CAR-T has shown excellent therapeutic efficiency in B cell malignancies,especially in acute lymphocytic leukemia. However, patients treated with CD19-targeted CAR-T may face relapse of CD19 mutation. Therefore we attempt to treat Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma(DLBCL) patients by sequential therapy of the 2 targets and hope to combine their advantages.
22369141|NCT04280133|"This research study is a Feasibility Study, which is the first-time investigators are examining this educational video tool for patients receiving CAR-T cell therapy.~The research study procedures include screening for eligibility, randomization and a series of questionnaires~Participants will be randomized to one of 2 groups:~Group A: Educational video tool~Group B: Standard care~Participants will be in the research study for a month after consent~It is expected that about 80 participants will take part in this research study."
22245390|NCT02721407|"Primary Objectives~To determine the safety of CD22.CAR-T cells in lymphoma patients refractory or resistent to anti-CD19:TCRz:CD28 CAR-T cells~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of CD22.CAR-T cells.~Secondary Objectives~To determine the feasibility of CD22.CAR-T cells in lymphoma patients refractory or resistent to anti-CD19:TCRz:CD28 CAR-T cells~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of CD22.CAR-T cells.~To assess the intratumoral infiltration of CD22.CAR-T cells.~To correlate the subsets and differentiation of CD22.CAR-T cells to observed anti-tumor efficacy"
22306150|NCT03840317|The CARs consist of an anti-CD19 single-chain variable fragment（scFv） that was derived from the FMC63 mouse hybridoma, a portion of the human CD137（4-1BB） molecule, and the intracellular component of the human CD3ζ molecule. Autologous T cells will be gene engineered with the CAR gene using a lentivirus vector. Compared to Senl_1904A, Senl_1904B has a higher and more stable transfection efficiency and secretes lower levels of cytokines in functional assays, thus having the potential to significantly reduce the incidence of serious adverse events while ensuring the same complete response rate. Prior to T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for one month after infusion for adverse reactions and efficacy.
22369501|NCT05422521|"In this study the search for relevant radiomic signature will be carried out for each patient benefiting from an 18FDG PET-CT during the pre-treatment assessment and then in the follow-up at 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months and 12 months post treatment.~The search for circulating metabolites in serum (mass spectrometry) will be carried out during the pre-therapeutic assessment, then in the follow-up at 7 days, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months and 12 months post treatment.~The main objective of the study is the comparison of signatures from radiomics and early serum metabolomic indices according to progression-free survival at 12 months of patients treated with CAR T-cells for refractory or relapsed non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, in correlation with clinical and biological monitoring, to predict tumor response.~The secondary objective is the comparison of the signatures of early serum radiomic and metabolic indices according to the occurrence of serious clinical and/or biological side effects in the 12 months following treatment with CAR T cells."
22245803|NCT04162340|CD4-specific CAR is a chimeric antigen receptor immunotherapy treatment designed to treat lymphoma/leukemia expressing CD4 antigen. CD4+ T cell lymphomas are a subset of leukemias and lymphomas that are positive for the surface protein CD4. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CD4 CAR T cells.
22245954|NCT05263817|POEMS syndrome, amyloidosis, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, vasculitis and other diseases may only show local pathological damage or systemic lesions. If they are not diagnosed and treated in time or poorly controlled, they will progress as the course of the disease progresses. Risk of disability or even death.
22370236|NCT03191773|Despite progress has been made to date in the treatment of patients with B cell malignancies, including leukemia and lymphoma, many patients with relapsed or refractory diseases do not respond to the standard treatments. It has been shown that anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells may be an effective approach to treat the relapsed or refractory diseases. The procedure involves collecting PBMCs from the patients and modifying the T cells to attack the malignant B cells. In this trial, autologous T cells engineered to express an anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) containing the signaling domains of CD28 or 4-1BB and CD3-zeta will be infused back to patients with B cell malignancies, including lymphoma and leukemia. The patients will be pretreated with a lymphodepleting preconditioning regimen before the infusion of anti-CD19 CAR T cells, and will be monitored for safety, adverse events, persistence of anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells and the treatment efficacy.
22184939|NCT04514029|"This trial gathers preliminary information on the potential effect of the combination of dexamethasone and simvastatin on treating Neurotoxicity (NT) in the patient population. The rate of patients completing all required study treatments and the rate of NT will be determined.~Simvastatin 40 mg/day will be started at least 5 days prior to apheresis and will be continued until day +30 after infusion. Intrathecal dexamethasone 8 mg will be administered on days (related to CAR-T infusion) -1, +6, +13, (+/- 2 days). CSF samples (3 ml) will be collected at these time points. Peripheral blood samples of 4 ml will be collected on days -1, +1, +6, and +13. The care team will check weekly CK and LFTs to ensure safety of simvastatin. Patients who develop NT will be allowed to continue treatment if feasible along with standard of care management."
22246548|NCT04156178|Clinical trials with CD19-directed CARs have achieved unprecedented remission rates as high as 90%. However, recent follow-up studies have shown a substantial portion of treated patients relapsed due to antigen escape. CD20-CD19 cCAR is a compound Chimeric Antigen Receptor (cCAR) immunotherapy with two distinct functional CAR molecules expressed on a T-cell, directed against the surface proteins CD20 and CD19. CD20-CD19 cCAR intends to target the mechanisms of single-CAR relapse, specifically antigen escape.
22370375|NCT03182803|"This study will be conducted using a phase I/II trial design to assess the efficacy and safety of the CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies expressing mesothelin-CAR-T (mesoCAR-T) for patients with mesothelin positive, advanced recurrent or refractory malignant solid tumors. MesoCAR-T can specificly and effectively kill the mesothelin positive cancer cells, CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies are secreted from the CAR-T cells could improve immunosuppression microenvironment, new CAR-T cells contain the advantages of CAR-T and immune checkpoint inhibitor, which is a promising therapeutic method for advanced solid tumors.~The new CAR-T therapy is applied to clinical practice as bellow. T cells are prepared from peripheral blood mononuclear cells by leukapheresis, then activated and engineered to CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies expressing and chimeric antigen receptor targeting mesothelin. Cells are proliferated in culture and returned to the patients by venous transfusion. A total of 40 patients may be enrolled in the study. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 24 months."
22370605|NCT05385263|"Factors that may introduce resistance to CAR-T. in addition to the bulk of disease, include also expression of check point molecules that eventually interfere with the CAR-T action. The investigator, have recently shown (EBMT 2022, # LWP-03) a real-life data, that day +7 CAR-T concentration in patients with stable or progressive disease (SD/PD) at lymphodepletion segregates patients to those with high CAR-T blood concentrations that achieve a high CR/PR rate after CAR-T infusion ,those with 20-100 CAR-T cells/microL that achieve a lower CR/PR rate after CAR-T infusion, and those with <20 cells/microL that achieve the lowest CR/PR rate after infusion. Thus, the extent of CAR-T cell expansion on day 7 after treatment is a prognostic marker predicting response to treatment in this patient group. Considering all these - patients with SD/PD at time of lymphodepletion, and specifically those with lower CAR-T blood concentrations on day +7 are at a very high risk for early disease progression after CAR-T infusion and, as such, there is an urgent unmet medical need to improve their outcomes.~Addition of anti PD-1 to patients with low expansion of CAR-T cells may overcome the inhibitory effect of PD-1 expression and may result in a better function of the CAR-T and eventually tumor suppression.~Nivolumab is a human monoclonal antibody targeting (programmed death-1 ) PD-1, a negative regulatory molecule expressed by activated T and B lymphocytes. Anti PD-1 treatment has been administered as a single dose or repeated administration in different time points during CAR-T cell therapy. These studies showed that this treatment is safe, well tolerated and does not result in increased CAR-T associated toxicities, mainly cytokine release syndrome(CRS) and immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity(ICANS). The optimal time window to administer these agents for achieving safety and efficacy is not determined."
22370660|NCT05085431|"Autoimmune diseases only show local pathological damage, but more often systemic lesions. If not diagnosed and treated in time or poorly controlled, a risk of disability or even death as the course of the disease progresses. Studies have shown that B cells can present their own antigens to autoimmune T cells to promote the release of inflammatory factors, or they can differentiate into plasma cells to release autoantibodies, and play an important role in the occurrence and progression of autoimmune diseases. In recent years, it has become a major research focus to deplete B cells in patients or inhibit B cell function. This research focuses on CAR-T cells killing B cells. Sjögren's syndrome (SS) is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by chronic inflammation of salivary and lachrymal glands, frequently accompanied by systemic symptoms. The presence of various autoantibodies such as rheumatoid factor (RF) and anti-SSA/SSB antibodies, as well as hypergammaglobulinemia, reflect B cell hyperactivity. About five percent of patients with SS develop malignant B cell lymphoma, usually of the mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) type and most frequently located in the major salivary glands. This fully reflects the application prospects of CAR-T cells in autoimmune diseases.~Based on the current research progress, our center intends to conduct research on the safety and effectiveness of CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in the treatment of refractory systemic lupus erythematosus."
22246884|NCT04151186|"Background:~While great progress has been made in CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of hematologic malignancies, its use in solid tumors is still at the exploratory stage.~Transmembrane 4 L Six Family Member 1 (TM4SF1) protein mediates signal transduction events that play a role in the regulation of cell development, activation, growth and motility. It is a cell surface antigen and is highly expressed in different carcinomas. Epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM),is a transmembrane glycoprotein of 40 kilodaltons (kDa). EpCAM is highly expressed in many epithelial-derived tumors, such as colon, stomach, pancreas, lungs, ovaries and breasts. Recently, EpCAM has been identified as the surface marker of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) and cancer stem cells (CSCs).~The investigators have developed novel TM4SF1-targeting CAR T-cells (CART-TM4SF1 cells) and EpCAM-targeting CAR T-cells (CART-EpCAM cells) for solid tumor treatment. These engineered T-cells can target and kill the TM4SF1- or EpCAM-positive tumor cells in vitro or in mice. Both of the CAR molecules contain a safety switch based on epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) to ensure the safety.~The investigators propose to investigate the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of CART-TM4SF1 cells and CART-EpCAM cells for solid cancers in patients.~Objectives:~Primary objectives:~To determine the safety/tolerance dosages and adverse effects of CART-TM4SF1 cells or CART-EpCAM cells in the treatment of TM4SF1- or EpCAM-positive recurrent/refractory advanced solid tumors.~To preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of CART-TM4SF1 cells and CART-EpCAM cells in the treatment of TM4SF1- and EpCAM-positive recurrent/refractory advanced solid tumors.~Secondary objectives:~To determine the pharmacokinetic (PK)/pharmacodynamic (PD) characteristics of CART-TM4SF1 cells and CART-EpCAM cells in humans.~To evaluate the overall survival (OS) and tumor regression after treatment.~To assess the life quality of patients~Study population:~The study population includes 72 patients with refractory/recurrent advanced solid tumors positive for TM4SF1 or EpCAM expressions, each cancer including 9 patients . Among these patients with pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer or lung cancer, 9 subjects will receive 3 escalating doses (3 subjects in each dosage group)and safety and preliminary efficacy evaluation.~Design:~This is a single-center open-label clinical study.~Recruit patients with refractory/recurrent pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer or lung cancer, with written consent for this study. Perform biopsy to determine the expression of TM4SF1 or EpCAM of the tumor with immuno-histochemistry (IHC).~Collect peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) from the patients, isolate and activate the T cells and transfect them with TM4SF1, or EpCAM targeting CAR, expand the transfected T cells as needed, assess the quality and antitumor activity of the CAR-T products in vitro and then transfer them back the patients via systemic or local injections, and follow up closely to collect related results as needed.~Clinical and immunological responses will be evaluated closely in about 30 days and last up to 2 years after back-transfusion."
22370943|NCT04846439|The patients will receive infusion of CAR T-cells targeting CD19 and BCMA to confirm the safety and efficacy of CD19 and BCMA CAR T-Cells Sequential infusion in acute leukemia with alloimmune-mediated platelet transfusion refractoriness.
22370983|NCT02659943|"Background:~Improved treatments for a variety of treatment-resistant B-cell malignancies including Bcell lymphomas and chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), are needed.~A particular need is development of new treatments for chemotherapy-refractory B-cell malignancies.~T cells can be genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) that specifically target malignancy-associated antigens.~Autologous T cells genetically modified to express CARs targeting the B-cell antigen cluster of differentiation 19 (CD19) have caused complete remissions in a small number of patients with leukemia or lymphoma. These results demonstrate that anti-CD19 CAR-expressing T cells have antimalignancy activity in humans.~The vast majority of B-cell malignancies express CD19.~CD19 is not expressed by normal cells except for B cells.~We have constructed a novel fully-human anti-CD19 CAR that can specifically recognize CD19-expressing target cells in vitro and eradicate CD19-expressing tumors in mice.~This fully-human CAR targeting CD19 has not been tested in humans before.~Possible toxicities include cytokine-associated toxicities such as fever, hypotension, and neurological toxicities. Elimination of normal B cells is probable, and unknown toxicities are also possible.~Objectives:~Primary~-Determine the safety and feasibility of administering T cells expressing a novel fully-human anti-CD19 CAR to patients with advanced B-cell malignancies.~Secondary~Evaluate the in vivo persistence and peak blood levels of anti-CD19 CAR T cells after initial and repeated CAR T-cell infusions. CAR T-cell blood levels will be compared retrospectively to results with an anti-CD19 CAR containing an antigen-recognition moiety derived from a murine antibody.~Assess for evidence of anti-malignancy activity by anti-CD19 CAR T cells~Assess the impact of repeated CAR T-cell infusions on residual malignancy after an initial CAR T-cell infusion.~Assess the immunogenicity of the CAR used in this protocol.~Eligibility:~Patients must have any B-cell lymphoma, or CLL/small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL). Lower grade lymphomas transformed to DLBCL are potentially eligible as is primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma and all other subtypes of Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL).~Patients must have malignancy that is measurable on a computed tomography (CT) scan or by flow cytometry of bone marrow or blood.~Patients must have a creatinine of 1.4 mg/dL or less and a normal cardiac ejection fraction.~An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-1 is required.~No active infections are allowed including any history of hepatitis B or hepatitis C.~Absolute neutrophil count greater than or equal to1000/microliter, platelet count greater than or equal to 45,000/microliter, hemoglobin greater than or equal to 8g/dL~Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) less or equal to 3 times the upper limit of the institutional normal unless liver involvement by malignancy is demonstrated.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and initiation of protocol enrollment.~The patients malignancy will need to be assessed for CD19 expression by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry performed at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). If unstained, paraffinembedded bone marrow or lymphoma sections are available from prior biopsies, these can be used to determine CD19 expression by immunohistochemistry; otherwise, patients will need to come to the NIH for a biopsy to determine CD19 expression. The sample for CD19 expression can come from a biopsy obtained at any time before enrollment.~Patients who have never had an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant are potentially eligible.~Design:~This is a phase I dose-escalation trial~Patients will undergo leukapheresis~T-cells obtained by leukapheresis will be genetically modified to express an anti-CD19 CAR~Patients will receive a lymphocyte-depleting chemotherapy conditioning regimen with the intent of enhancing the activity of the infused anti-CD19-CAR-expressing T cells.~The chemotherapy conditioning regimen is cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m(2) daily for 3 days and fludarabine 30 mg/m(2) daily for 3 days. Fludarabine will be given on the same days as the cyclophosphamide.~Two days after the chemotherapy ends, patients will receive an infusion of anti-CD19-CAR-expressing T cells.~The initial dose level of this dose-escalation trial will be 0.66x10(6) CAR+ T cells/kg of recipient bodyweight.~The cell dose administered will be escalated until a maximum tolerated dose is determined.~Following the T-cell infusion, there is a mandatory 9-day inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~Outpatient follow-up is planned for 2 weeks, and 1, 2, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months after the CAR T-cell infusion. Long-term gene-therapy follow-up consisting of yearly visits to a doctor near the patient s home for 4 more years and then yearly telephone contact for 10 additional years will be required.~Repeat treatments consisting of the conditioning chemotherapy followed by a CAR T-cell infusion are planned for eligible patients with any best responses except continuing complete remission or progressive malignancy.~Re-enrollment will be allowed for a small number of subjects."
22307051|NCT03798509|Participants with relapsed/refractory CD19-positive B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, electrocardiograph and blood draws. Participants receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of CD19 CAR+ T cells. After the infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of CD19 CAR+ T cells. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22247221|NCT02624258|"The study will enroll 10 evaluable patients. Evaluable patients are those who have received at least 1 of the 6 RNA CART19 doses at the protocol-specified level. Important safety data can be collected even if a patient receives only one RNA CART19 dose. Subjects (n = 10) will receive up to six IV doses of 8x105-1.5x106 RNA CART19 cells/kg/dose for subjects<80kg and 1x108 RNA CART19 cells/dose (±20%) for subjects ≥80kg.~The RNA CART19 doses and mid-treatment single dose cyclophosphamide will be administered on Mondays, Wednesdays or Fridays. Dosing can be initiated on any of those days. Subjects will be infused in a staggered fashion at two week intervals; that is, the next subject cannot be infused prior to two weeks since the last infusion of the previous subject."
22371118|NCT05017883|"Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a hematological malignancy caused by abnormal differentiation and uncontrolled proliferation of hematopoietic progenitor cells. If AML is not given active treatment within one year after diagnosis, it will cause fatal infection, bleeding and organ infiltration due to abnormal proliferation of tumor cells. AML is one of the most common leukemia. About 3.8 patients in every 100000 people are in the higher incidence rate among people aged 65 and over, and 17.9 patients in every 100000 people. The cure rate of AML is about 35-40% in patients ≤ 60 years old and only 5-15% in patients over 60 years old. The survival of elderly patients who can not tolerate chemotherapy is frustrating, and the median survival time is only 5-10 months. In the past 20 to 30 years, the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) has made significant progress, so that about 80% of adult patients under the age of 55 can achieve complete remission. However, more than half of Cr patients will relapse, and the long-term survival rate is about 40%. Until the 1970s, diagnosis was only based on pathological and cytological examination of bone marrow and blood. The five-year survival rate was less than 15%.~CAR-T cells can recognize specific antigens in a non restricted manner of HLA and continuously activate T cells. FLT3 is a potential target of AML. Therefore, the construction of car-t cells that recognize human FLT3 molecule has high clinical value in the treatment of AML."
22307123|NCT03799913|"Primary Objectives~1.To determine the feasibility ad safety of anti-MESO CAR-T cells in treating patients with MESO-positive ovarian cancer.~Secondary Objectives~To access the efficacy of anti-MESO CAR-T cells in patients with ovarian cancer.~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of anti- MESO CAR-T cells."
22247685|NCT02672501|This study is being conducted to assess anti-CD19-CAR-T cells safety and efficacy in treating patients with B cell leukemia. The investigators constructed a 2nd CAR, using CD19 as target, using 4-1BB as co-stimulator, and optimized the spatial conformation by a suitable hinge and transmembrane domain sequences. The source of T cells used to prepare CAR-T could be either autologous, or donor-derived (only suitable for patients received HSCT before and relapsed). The infusion dose is (1-5)×106 CAR positive T cells/kg, and the specific cells numbers depends on the situation of individual CAR-T cells preparation.
22307352|NCT03720457|Participants with relapsed/refractory CD19-positive Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma and Follicular Lymphoma can participate if all eligibility criteria are met.Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, Electrocardiograph, CT/MRI , and blood draws.Participants receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of CD19 CAR+ T cells. After the infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of CD19 CAR+ T cells. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22247998|NCT02644655|A total of 20 patients may be enrolled over a period of 1-2 years.
22371689|NCT05131763|The preclinical study clarified that NKG2D-based CAR-T cells showed strong cytotoxicity against NKG2DL+ cell lines in vitro as well as a therapeutic effect against NKG2DL+ cell xenografts in vivo. In addition, the data also demonstrated the safety of NKG2D-based CAR-T therapy. NKG2D-based CART represent a potentially effective and safety therapeutic approach for patient with relapsed/refractory NKG2DL+ solid tumors. In this trial, the investigators researched the safety of administering NKG2D-based CAR-T which generated with CD8 hinge region and transmembrane region, 4-1BB costimulatory region and CD3 zeta region. The investigators also assessed that disease response was determined within the context of a phase I trial.
22248203|NCT04160195|"Background:~Improved treatments for a variety of treatment-resistant malignancies including B-cell lymphomas, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and Hodgkin lymphoma are needed.~A particular need is development of new treatments for chemotherapy-refractory B-cell malignancies.~T cells can be genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) that specifically target malignancy-associated antigens.~Autologous T cells genetically modified to express CARs targeting the B-cell antigen CD19 have caused complete remissions in patients with leukemia or lymphoma. These results have established anti-cluster of differentiation 19 (CD19) CAR T cells as an important therapy for relapsed lymphoma, but only about 40% of patients receiving anti-CD19 CAR T cells have durable complete remissions.~Most B-cell malignancies express CD19 and cluster of differentiation 20 (CD20), but expression of CD19 and CD20 can be lost or diminished.~The malignant cells of Hodgkin lymphoma, Hodgkin Reed-Sternberg cells, originate from B cells, which is the rationale for treating Hodgkin lymphoma with T cells targeting CD19 and CD20.~CD19 and CD20 are not expressed by normal cells except for B cells and some plasma cells.~We have constructed a novel gene therapy construct that encodes a fully-human anti-CD19 CAR with a cluster of differentiation 28 (CD28) domain and a fully-human anti-CD20 CAR with a 4-1BB (cluster of differentiation 37) domain.~T cells expressing this CAR construct, called Hu1928-Hu20BB, can specifically recognize CD19 and CD20-expressing target cells in vitro and eradicate CD19 or CD20-expressing tumors in mice.~One CAR expressed in this CAR construct, Hu19-CD828Z has been tested in humans before. The other CAR in the total construct, Hu20-CD8BBZ, has not been tested in humans before.~Possible toxicities include cytokine-associated toxicities such as fever, hypotension, and neurological toxicities. Elimination of normal B cells is probable, and unknown toxicities are also possible.~Objectives:~Primary~-Determine the safety and feasibility of administering T cells expressing a novel fully-human anti- CD19 and anti-CD20 CAR construct to patients with advanced B-cell malignancies and Hodgkin lymphoma.~Exploratory~Evaluate serum cytokine levels and associations with anti-malignancy efficacy and toxicity~Evaluate clinical predictors of anti-lymphoma responses and toxicity.~Evaluate phenotype of infused CAR T cells and CAR T cells from the blood of patients.~Eligibility:~Patients must have any B-cell lymphoma, or CLL/small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL), Gray-zone lymphoma, nodular lymphocyte-predominance Hodgkin lymphoma, or classical Hodgkin lymphoma with any CD19 or CD20 expression on Reed-Sternberg cells. Lower grade lymphomas transformed to diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) are potentially eligible as is primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma and all other subtypes of DLBCL. Burkitt and mantle cell lymphoma are potentially eligible.~Patients must have malignancy that is measurable on a computed tomography (CT) scan or by flow cytometry of bone marrow or blood.~Patients must have a creatinine of 1.5 mg/dL or less and a normal cardiac ejection fraction.~An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-1 is required.~No active infections are allowed including hepatitis B or hepatitis C.~Absolute neutrophil count>=1000/mL, platelet count>=50,000/mL, hemoglobin>=8g/dL~Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) less or equal to 3 times the upper limit of the institutional normal unless liver involvement by malignancy is demonstrated.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and protocol-required leukapheresis or CAR T-cell infusion. Thirty days must elapse from therapy with antibodies targeting CD19 or CD20 and CAR T-cell infusion.~The patient's malignancy will need to be assessed for CD19 and C20 expression by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry performed at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). If unstained, paraffin-embedded bone marrow or lymphoma tissue sections are available from prior biopsies, these can be used to determine CD19 and CD20 expression by immunohistochemistry; otherwise, patients will need to come to the NIH for a biopsy to determine CD19 and CD20 expression. The sample for CD19 and CD20 expression must come from a biopsy obtained after any CD19 or CD20-targeted therapies such as monoclonal antibodies if such antibodies or CAR T-cell therapies have been received by the patient.~For classical Hodgkin lymphoma only, a biopsy from any time from any institution that shows any CD19 or CD20 expression on Reed-Sternberg cells is adequate for eligibility. CD19 or CD20 expression on the Reed-Sternberg cells that is weak or only present on some Reed-Sternberg cells by immunohistochemistry is compatible with protocol eligibility.~For all lymphoma types except for classical Hodgkin lymphoma, either CD19 or CD20 expression must be uniform. Uniform CD19 or CD20 expression is defined as no obvious lymphoma population lacking antigen expression can be present. Antigen expression can be assessed by either immunohistochemistry or flow cytometry.~Design:~This is a phase I dose-escalation trial~Patients will undergo leukapheresis~T-cells obtained by leukapheresis will be genetically modified to express the Hu1928-Hu20BB CAR construct.~Patients will receive a lymphocyte-depleting chemotherapy conditioning regimen with the intent of enhancing the activity of the infused CAR-expressing T cells.~The chemotherapy conditioning regimen is cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m squared daily for 3 days and fludarabine 30 mg/m squared daily for 3 days. Fludarabine will be given on the same days as the cyclophosphamide.~Two days after the chemotherapy ends, patients will receive an infusion of anti-CAR-expressing T cells.~The initial dose level of this dose-escalation trial will be 0.66x10^6 CAR+ T cells/kg of recipient bodyweight.~The cell dose administered will be escalated until a maximum tolerated dose is determined.~Following the T-cell infusion, there is a mandatory 9-day inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~Outpatient follow-up is planned for 2 weeks, 16 days (neurologic checks), 21 days (neurologic checks) and 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, and 12 months after the CAR T- cell infusion; less frequent follow-up is required more than 1 year after infusion. Long-term gene-therapy follow-up for a total of 15 years after infusion is required."
22371715|NCT05097443|"Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), with high aggressiveness and mortality, is one of the top ten high-incidence tumors in the world and is among the ten most prevalent cancers worldwide with the fastest growing incidence. B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (B-NHL) is the most common type of NHL. Although novel immunotherapies represented by anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies and CAR-T cell therapies have significantly improved the prognosis of B-NHL patients, there are still nearly one-third of patients who are resistant to initial treatment or relapse after remission. In recent years, the continuous emergence of various novel targeted agents has provided new hope for the treatment of B-NHL.~Brutons tyrosine kinase (BTK) is a vital protein for immune B cell function, and a core switch of B cell growth, controlling cellular proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis and migration. BTK inhibitors were available as a breakthrough therapy at the end of 2013, providing a possibility of cure in patients with B-NHL. Orelabrutinib is a highly selective novel BTK inhibitor, and its latest clinical data was announced at the 62nd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH) on Dec 7, 2020. In two clinical studies targeting relapsed/refractory mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) and relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)/small cell leukemia (SLL), orelabrutinib showed a favorable overall remission rate (ORR) and safety. In a phase II clinical study on the treatment of relapsed/refractory CLL/SLL, at a median follow-up of 14.3 months, ORR was 91.3%. The median time to response was 1.87 months, and the median PFS or DOR was not reached. In a phase II clinical study on the treatment of relapsed/refractory MCL, at a median follow-up of 16.4 months, ORR was 87.9%. 93.9% of patients achieved disease control. However, the efficacy of orelabrutinib in highly aggressive B-cell lymphoma remains to be further studied.~Therefore, we present this study protocol to add orelabrutinib to the first-line treatment of highly aggressive B-NHL, applying orelabrutinib+R-CHOP/R-EPOCH/R-HD-MTX/R-other regimens, to clarify the efficacy of orelabrutinib+R-CHOP/R-EPOCH/R-HD-MTX/R-other regimens and explore a set of potent and safe treatments for B-NHL patients with high risks and further improve the prognosis."
22118366|NCT02959151|Designer T cells are prepared by PBMC which from patients or suitable donator by leukapheresis, and then activated and re-engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). There are three options for CAR-targets: GPC3 for hepatocellular carcinoma; mesothelin for pancreatic cancer metastatic; CEA for colorectal cancer metastatic. Cells are expanded in culture and returned to the participant by vascular interventional therapy or by intra-tumor injection at the dose of （1.25~4）×107 CAR positive T cells/cm3 tumor bulk. The volume of cell products and the time of cell perfusion process lasted would depend on the ways of cell perfused.
22307944|NCT03628612|Patients may be enrolled following their AUTO CAR T cell therapy treatment and will be followed for up to 15 years (or death, whichever happens first) after the first AUTO CAR T cell therapy infusion. Patients will be monitored for safety following the first AUTO CAR T cell therapy infusion.
22118451|NCT05362331|"This is a single-arm pilot study assessing the feasibility and acceptability of the Companion for CAR-T (CC) web app among patients receiving commercially available CAR-T therapies.~Primary Objectives:~I. To evaluate the feasibility of the CC web app. II. To evaluate the acceptability of the CC web app to patients.~Secondary Objectives:~I. To quantify the incidence of fevers being reported via the CC web app. II. To quantify the incidence of electronic Immune Effector Cell-Associated Encephalopathy (eICE) deficits being recorded via the CC web app.~Exploratory Objectives:~I. To explore patient perceptions regarding the CC web app. II. To explore usage patterns regarding the CC web app. III. To explore trends in patient-reported quality of life (QOL), values, and stressors over time during CAR-T therapy.~IV. To explore responses to abnormal findings reported or recorded using the CC web app~Participants will be given access to the web application from beginning at the day of study enrollment through Day +100 following CAR-T therapy."
22372086|NCT03090659|Multiple myeloma (MM) is a usually incurable malignancy of plasma cells. Current therapies for multiple myeloma often cause remissions, but nearly all patients eventually relapse and die, an clear unmet clinical needs. As early as mid-2014, the investigators have started to develop a series of proprietary CAR-T products to target B cell maturation antigen (BCMA), a cell surface molecule which the investigator believes to be a desirable target antigen for multiple myeloma. All pre-clinical data and CMC data for LCAR-B38M CAR-T cell technology has been established by mid-2015 and a phase I proof-of-concept clinical trial has been planned since then.
22248443|NCT05096234|"Primary Objectives:~* Explore the relationship of change in [18F]F-AraG PET signal following CAR T cell treatment with changes in T cell infiltration in tumor biopsies.~Exploratory Analyses:~Explore the relationship of change in [18F]F-AraG PET signal in tumor lesions following CAR T cell treatment with clinical benefit rate (defined as Complete Response (CR) + Partial Response (PR) + stable disease (SD) ≥ 3 months) using RECISTv1.1 criteria~Correlate the change in [18F]F-AraG PET signal in tumor lesions following CAR T cell therapy with maximum grade of Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) and neurotoxicity experienced."
22372174|NCT05302037|"Study Drug~The study treatment uses allogeneic NKG2DL-targeting CAR-grafted γδ T cells (also known as CTM-N2D). The treatment a) targets multiple stressed-induced cancer antigens (via the built-in receptors on γδ T cells, e.g., γδ TCR, NKG2D, DNAM-1); and (b) targets eight known NKG2DLs e.g., MICA/B, ULBP1-6 (via the grafted NKG2DL-targeting CAR). In humans, NKG2DLs are identified as MICA/B and ULBP1-6. Many tumour cell lines and primary tumours of various tissue-origins express NKG2DLs, providing attractive targets for CTM-N2D therapy~CTM-N2D refers to allogeneic γδ T cells that express CARs containing an extracellular domain of NKG2D as binding unit. CTM-N2D is manufactured from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of allogeneic healthy donors through γδ T cell expansion and mRNA electroporation.~CTM-N2D will be packaged in an infusion bag to contain up to 1x10^9 cells in 100ml of infusible solution (saline with 5% human serum albumin) and delivered to the clinical site on the day of planned infusion. The transportation temperature will be maintained at 2 - 8°C.~Study Design~This is a two-cohort phase I study. In cohort 1 (intrapatient dose-escalation cohort), the subjects will be given four infusions of CTM-N2D at escalating doses: 1x10^7, 1x10^8, 3x10^8 or 1x10^9 per infusion at an interval of one infusion every 7 days. This is to discern an optimal dose. In cohort 2 (optimal dose cohort), the subjects will be given four infusions of CTM-N2D at the optimal dose, which are given at an interval of one infusion every 7 days. This is to further confirm safety and tolerability.~If no DLT is detected in the first 3 patients in cohort 1, recruitment for cohort 2 will commence, with 6 patients to be treated with four doses of CTM-N2D at 1x10^9/infusion.~Patients in the intrapatient dose-escalation cohort will be treated in sequence for the first four doses (i.e., only after all first four doses are administered for the first patient, will therapy for the second patient be allowed to commence). Such restriction is not extended to the maintenance doses. In the optimal dose cohort, 3 patients will be recruited, treated, and observed for DLT first, before another 3 patients are recruited. If 0/6 or 1/6 DLT is seen in the optimal dose cohort, the optimal dose will be established as RP2D.~If the patients do not demonstrate progressive disease after the first 4 doses of CTM-N2D and after the first imaging at 2 months from the start of study treatment (i.e., C1:1D1), maintenance doses of CTM-N2D will be manufactured and administered once every 2 months for a maximum of 5 doses. A computed tomography (CT) scan (or other forms of radiological assessment deemed appropriate by the investigator) will be performed every 2 months to evaluate stability (or response) of disease before manufacturing (a 20-day process) and administering each maintenance dose.~Treatment with CTM-N2D beyond 5 maintenance doses will be contingent to discussion with Sponsor and PI. Treatments with maintenance doses of CTM-N2D will not be considered in determining DLT.~Study Procedures and Assessments~Once informed consent is obtained and subject eligibility is confirmed, CytoMed will schedule and plan the manufacturing of CTM-N2D for the given subject.~The treatment regimen begins with lymphodepletion using Fludarabine and Cyclophosphamide to precondition the patient before the first treatment cycle with four weekly doses of CTM-N2D. Zoledronic acid will be given one day before each CTM-N2D infusion to maximize the potency of CTM-N2D.mTrial subjects will receive CTM-N2D by i.v infusion. To further enhance the survival of CTM-N2D, a dose of 1x10^6 IU/m2 IL-2 will be injected subcutaneously within 2 hours after each CTM-N2D infusion.~Clinical assessments will be performed at specified timepoints as written in the protocol. Any other relevant laboratory/imaging evaluations can be performed at any point in time, as deemed appropriate by the site investigator(s).~To assess patient well-being after CTM-N2D infusion as well as to monitor the pharmacokinetics and bioactivities of CTM-N2D, blood samples will be collected from trial subjects at various time points throughout the study period. Other blood investigations are to be performed at the clinical site as scheduled in the trial protocol and according to institutional guidelines. Additional laboratory investigations may be performed at the discretion of the investigator.~Assessments of tumour at specified timepoints, and are to be reported by a dedicated, independent radiologist, in accordance with RECIST criteria version 1.1. Other imaging modalities may be considered at the discretion of the investigator.~Off-study Follow-up and Assessments~In the event CTM-N2D therapy is discontinued due to PD or unacceptable AE, off-study follow-up and assessments will be performed up to 14 days from the date the subject is removed from the study.~If the trial subject is removed from the study due to unacceptable AE, the AE should be followed for at least 28 days from the last dose of study treatment until the AE is stabilized, or until the initiation of other anti-tumour therapy as off-study treatment, whichever comes first.~Post-study Follow-up and Procedures~Trial subjects will be followed for survival status, at the discretion of the investigator, from the end of the study until their death, or for a period of up to 48 months after the last patient was initiated for study treatment, whichever occurs first.~Discontinuation Visit and Procedures~Upon voluntary withdrawal from the study, trial subject will still be given the option to continue scheduled evaluations, as well as, to complete an end of study evaluation. Appropriate medical care will continue to be meted out by the clinicians at the study site.~Safety, Adverse Events and Toxicity Management~Safety of the study treatment regimen will be assessed by monitoring and recording any toxicities or Aes appeared in trial subjects during the study period. The descriptions of Aes and their grading scales found in the NCI CTCAE v5.0 will be utilized for AE reporting.~Reporting of Events~The investigator is expected to collect, record, and report the Unanticipated Problems Involving Risk to Subjects or Others (UPIRTSO) events in the study to the NHG Domain Specific Review Boards (DSRB). The criteria for UPIRTSO events and their timeline for reporting to NHG DSRB are defined in the protocol.~Reporting of SAEs to HSA~The investigator is expected to collect, record and report SAEs to the Health Science Authority (HSA) through CytoMed Therapeutics Pte Ltd. All SAEs that are unexpected and related to the study drug will be reported to HSA.~All SAEs that are unexpected and related to the study drug will be reported. The investigator is responsible for informing CytoMed Therapeutics Pte Ltd within 24 hours after first knowledge that the case qualifies for expedited reporting. CytoMed Therapeutics Pte Ltd will report the SAEs to HSA no later than 15 calendar days upon receiving SAE reports from the investigator. Follow-information will be actively sought and submitted as it becomes available. For fatal or life-threatening cases, HSA will be notified as soon as possible but no later than 7 calendar days after first knowledge that a case qualifies, followed by a complete report within 8 additional calendar days.~Safety Monitoring Plan~The investigator is responsible for appropriate medical care of subjects during the study. The investigator will review all patients to monitor toxicity before each treatment cycle. If a subject reports an AE, appropriate care and follow-up evaluation should be implemented by the investigator until the event is either resolved or stable.~An independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (iDSMB) formed by experts with relevant knowledge of the study will monitor the safety aspect of this trial. The board will review the safety data after completion of each cohort and/or if a DLT occurs.~Dose-limiting Toxicities (DLTs)~DLT is defined as an unexpected grade 3 or 4 non-hematologic toxicity that is probably related to CTM-N2D infusion and experienced within 8 weeks immediately after the start of study treatment (i.e., C1:1D1). Treatments with maintenance doses of CTM-N2D will not be considered in determining DLT. The criteria for DLT is defined in the protocol.~Whenever a patient experiences toxicity that fulfil the criteria for a DLT, the study treatment will be interrupted. The investigator is responsible for reporting DLT observed by the investigator to the sponsor within 24 hours of learning of its occurrence.~Toxicity Management~Current CAR-T cell therapy has been used to treat B-cell malignancies and multiple myeloma. The clinical experiences from these trials show that potential severe toxicities are not uncommon. Such potential severe toxicities in CAR-T therapy include cytokine release syndrome (CRS), immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS), on-target off-tumour toxicity, tumour lysis syndrome (TLS) and immunogenicity.~The grading and management of potential CAR-T toxicities follow a grading system proposed by the American Society for Transplantation and Cellular Therapy (ASTCT; formerly American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation, ASBMT). However, institution practices and sub-specialty input will prevail and supersede this protocol if necessary.~A specific concern for CTM-N2D treatment is the potential on-target off-cancer toxicity. CTM-N2D targets NKG2D ligands, which may be upregulated in non-cancer cells upon infection, inflammation, or stress. The recognition of the non-cancer cells by CTM-N2D may cause CRS and autoimmune toxicity. Subjects will also monitored for Tumour lysis syndrome (TLS).~Subject Withdrawal~Subjects have the right to withdraw from the study at any time and for any reason, without prejudice to their future medical care by the investigator or at the institution. Subjects who do not complete the study protocol will be considered to have prematurely discontinued study. The reasons for premature discontinuation (for example, voluntary withdrawal, toxicity, death) must be recorded on the case report form. Final study evaluations will be completed at the time of discontinuation.~The investigator and/or sponsor can also decide to withdraw a subject from the investigational product and/or other protocol-required therapies, protocol procedures, or the study as a whole or at any time prior to study completion.~Study Monitoring~The principal investigator is responsible for familiarising the investigator(s) and the entire study team involved in the study with all study procedures, including the administration of the study drug. The investigators are responsible for monitoring the safety of subjects who have enrolled for this study and for alerting the principal investigator to any event that seems unusual, even if this event may be considered an unanticipated benefit to the subject. The investigators are responsible for appropriate medical care of subjects throughout the study period.~In the event of SAEs, or Aes that result in any subject(s) withdrawing from the study, the investigators remain responsible for the care and followup of the subject(s), until the AE resolves, stabilizes or is explained.~Data collection and analysis~Data are recorded and stored on an electronic data capturing system called Redcap. CRFs will be translated to SPSS and Excel spreadsheets for further analysis. ANOVA multivariate analysis will be used to determine statistical significance of continuous variables. Chi-square and Fisher's exact test will be used to assess associations between categorical variables."
22118862|NCT04827745|"This is a multicenter, non-randomized, open-label, phase II study evaluating the efficacy of blinatumomab to achieve the following objectives:~The best morphologic response after the first two cycles of therapy in subjects with morphologic R/R CD19-positive MPAL~MRD-negativity in subjects with CD19-positive MPAL in CR, or CRh, or CRi or CRp after receiving at least one chemotherapy block of standard ALL or AML treatment with MRD-positivity at a level of ≥ 0.1% using an assay with a minimum sensitivity of 0.01%~The trial consists two groups (Group A and B) and three phases ( induction, consolidation and maintenance) of therapy. Subject will receive study drug blinatumomab by continuous IV infusion (CIV). Each treatment cycle consists of 28 days of blinatumomab CIV followed by a 14±3 days treatment-free interval for induction, 28±3 days treatment-free interval for consolidation, and 56±3 days treatment-free interval for maintenance~Blinatumomab is approved by Food and Drug Administration [FDA] and European Medicines Agency [EMA] for use in people with another type of acute leukemia called acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) but not MPAL."
22248741|NCT04153799|In this study, the dose(number of cells by body weight) and time of infusion should be recorded in detail according to the dosage of slope climbing and single infusion. The safety of chimeric antigen receptor T(CAR-T) cells treatment was evaluated by observing the adverse events after cell therapy. The effectiveness of CAR-T treatment was initially assessed compared with the results of the patient's own previous standard treatment plan. Blood was collected before and within 12 months after infusion to detect the number and activity of CAR-T cells and evaluate the pharmacokinetic characteristics of CAR-T cells.
22118949|NCT02445222|"Patients are enrolled following completion or early discontinuation from a Novartis sponsored or supported study of CAR T-Cell treatment. Patients will be followed for 15 years post treatment from the last treatment. They will be monitored for safety and efficacy within the primary treatment protocols for the protocol defined duration. Patients can drop off treatment protocols at any time to enter this long term Follow up study. Patients discontinuing from the primary treatment protocols for any reason will be enrolled in this long term follow up (LTFU). This will allow collecting data on long term safety and efficacy (as applicable) as mandated by the health authorities of all patients treated with CAR-T therapy within the concept of a single protocol.~Collection of such long term effects of CAR-T cell therapy will help to further define the risk-benefit profile of CAR-T Therapies."
22118982|NCT02976857|"The 3x3 dose escalation design will be adopted in order to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). Subjects will be enrolled into low-dose group, medium-dose group and high-dose group as below:~Dose CAR+ cells/kg~Low 0.8×106~Medium 2.5×106~High 5.0×106~DLT is evaluated within 30 days post C-CAR011 infusion)."
22186855|NCT05667506|"This trial is a multi-center, open label, single-arm, phase Ib/II trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CNCT19 in Children and Adolescent(aged 3~18 years old) patients (pediatric) with r/r B-cell ALL.~The phase Ib part of the trial is to evaluate the safety, optimal dose of CNCT19, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics(PK/PD)and preliminary efficacy in the treatment of Children and Adolescent patients with r/r B-cell ALL.~The phase II part of the trial is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CNCT19 in in the treatment of Children and Adolescent patients with r/r B-cell ALL.~The study includes screening, pre-treatment (Cell Product manufacture & lymphodepletion), CNCT19 infusion , safety and efficacy follow-up, and survival follow-up. All subjects who have received CNCT19 infusion will be followed for up to 2 years."
22249090|NCT05010564|"The TRICAR-ALL T-cells were made in the laboratory by stimulating the patient's blood with growth factors to make the T cells grow. To get the CD19/CD20/CD22 antibody and 4-1BB to attach to the surface of the T cell, we inserted the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done using a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell.~Enrolled patients will be assigned a dose of TRICAR-ALL T-cells. Prior to receiving the TRICAR-ALL T-cells patients will receive two chemotherapy medications, cyclophosphamide (for 2 days) and fludarabine (4 days).~An injection of TRICAR-ALL T-cells will be given into a vein through an IV at the assigned dose. The injection will take from 1 to 20 minutes. Before receiving the infusion of TRICAR-ALL T-cells patients may be pre-medicated with Benadryl and Tylenol. Patients will be monitored for up to 3 hours after the injection, and will have to remain locally for at least 4 weeks.~If after a 4-week evaluation period, the patient has a complete response, they may proceed to bone marrow transplant, and will be removed from the treatment portion of the study.~Before treatment, patients will undergo a series of tests:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Pregnancy test for female patients who are of childbearing potential~Measurements of your leukemia tumor cells by bone marrow studies~Echocardiogram~Imaging such as PET scans, CT scans or MRIs will be obtained if needed~During and after treatment, patients will receive these standard medical tests:~History and physical examination: pre-infusion of T cells (pre-day 0, day 0) and at day 1, 4, 7, 10, 14, 28 and 63 post infusion of T- cells. Subsequently, history will be taken at 3-, 6-, and 12-months post infusion of T-cells, and then yearly for a total of 15 years.~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function (On Days 4, 7, 10, 14, 28 and 63; then at month 3, 6, and 12; then yearly to year 15)~Measurements of your leukemia tumor cells by bone marrow studies 3-6 weeks after the infusion, possibly 9-12 weeks after the infusion and then per standard of care.~Imaging such as PET scans, CT scans or MRIs will be obtained, if needed, 4-6 weeks following the infusion~Blood Draws:~Blood will be taken before the chemotherapy drugs, 2-4 hours after the T cell infusion, at around day 7, day 10, day 14, day 28 and day 63 after the infusion, at 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, at 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years.~Additional doses of TRICAR-ALL T-cells (re-treatment): Up to three additional infusions of TRICAR-ALL -T cells may be given if eligible.~In the event of your death, we will request permission from your next of kin to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effect of this experimental treatment on your cancer."
22119045|NCT04003649|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To examine and describe the safety and feasibility of nivolumab plus ipilimumab as neoadjuvant therapy. (Arm 1) II. To examine and describe the safety and feasibility of IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cell plus nivolumab as adjuvant therapy. (Arms 1 and 2) III. To provide IL13Rα2-CAR T cell therapy for subjects who are unable to wait for randomization into Arms 1 and 2. This arm will provide additional safety data provided in COH IRB 13384 for the set dose schedule. (Arm 3) III. In arms determined to be safe and feasible, a selection design based on two Southwest Oncology Group (SWOG) two stage designs will be used to assess which arm(s) goes on for further study based on survival rate at 9 months.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Describe persistence, expansion and phenotype of endogenous and IL13Ralpha2-CAR CAR T cells in tumor cyst fluid (TCF), peripheral blood (PB), and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF).~II. Describe cytokine levels (PB, TCF, CSF) over the study period for each arm. (Arm 1 or Arm 2).~III. Estimate disease response rates. IV. Estimate time to progression. V. Estimate median overall survival (OS).~VI. In study participants who have completed the adjuvant dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) period:~VIa. Estimate the mean change from baseline in quality of life using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) Quality of Life Questionnaire-Core (QLQ-C)30 and EORTC QLQ Brain Cancer Patients (BN-20) survey scale, domain and item scores during and post treatment.~VIb. Assess if the area under the curve (AUC) for CD3 T cells, IFNgamma and IP-10 for the DLT period is greater in one arm versus (vs.) the other.~VII. In study participants who undergo an additional biopsy/resection or autopsy:~VIIa. Evaluate CAR T cell persistence in the tumor tissue and the location of the CAR T cells with respect to the injection, and VIIb. Evaluate IL13Ralpha2 antigen and PD-L1 levels on tumor tissue pre and post CAR T cell therapy.~VIII. Use biomathematical modeling of tumor growth to evaluate benefit of treatment.~OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.~ARM I: Patients receive nivolumab intravenously (IV) over 60 minutes and ipilimumab IV over 90 minutes on day -14. Patients then receive IL13Ralpha2 CAR T cells infusion over 5 minutes via Rickham catheter (intracranial intraventricular [ICV]/intracranial intratumoral [ICT]) every week and nivolumab IV over 30 minutes every other week. Treatment repeats weekly for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After cycle 4, patients may receive additional CAR T cells weekly and nivolumab IV every other week or monthly at the discretion of the principal investigator and oncologist.~ARM II: Patients receive IL13Ralpha2 CAR T cells infusion over 5 minutes via Rickham catheter (ICV/ICT) every week and nivolumab IV over 30 minutes every other week. Treatment repeats weekly for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After cycle 4, patients may receive additional CAR T cells weekly and nivolumab IV every other week or monthly at the discretion of the principal investigator and oncologist.~ARM III: Patients receive IL13Ralpha2 CAR T cells infusion over 5 minutes via Rickham catheter (intracranial intraventricular [ICV]/intracranial intratumoral [ICT]) every week. Treatment repeats weekly for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After cycle 4, patients may receive additional CAR T cells weekly at the discretion of the principal investigator and oncologist.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days, 3, 6, and 12 months, and then annually for 15 years."
22308499|NCT03198052|"Choose appropriate patients with advanced lung or other cancers,with written consent for this study;~Perform biopsy to determine the expression of HER2, Mesothelin, Lewis-Y, PSCA, MUC1, GPC3, AXL, EGFR, Claudin18.2, or B7-H3 of the tumor by western blotting or IHC;~Collect blood from the patients and isolate mononuclear cells, activate the T cells and transfect the T cells with GPC3, Mesothelin, Claudin18.2, GUCY2C, B7-H3, PSCA, PSMA, MUC1, TGFβ, HER2, Lewis-Y, AXL, or EGFR targeting CAR, amplify the transfected T cells as needed, test the quality and killing activity of the CAR-T cells and then transfer them back the patients via systemic or local injections, and follow up closely to collect related results as needed;~To enhance the killing capability, CD4+ T cells are genetically engineered to express TGFβ-CAR and secret IL7/CCL19 and/or SCFVs against PD1/CTLA4/Tigit; CD8+T cells are constructed to express GPC3/Mesothelin/Claudin18.2/GUCY2C/B7-H3/PSCA/PSMA/MUC1/TGFβ/HER2/Lewis-Y/AXL/EGFR~-DAP10-CAR with knockdown of PD1/HPK1;~Other cancers with these cell surface antigen expressions are also recruited if needed;~Evaluate the clinical results as needed."
22186919|NCT05098613|"Phase 1: To determine the safety and tolerability of infusing CD19x22 CAR T, generated using a bicistronic vector, in adolescents and adults with R/R B-NHL, and to determine the Phase 1b recommended dose.~Phase 1b (expansion phase): To acquire additional evidence of safety and efficacy of-CD19x22 CAR T infusion in CAR-treated and CAR-naïve R/R B-NHL patients.~Secondary objectives for all subjects in Phase 1 and Phase 1b include: 1) Feasibility of manufacturing and infusion, 2) Safety of infusion and 3) Efficacy: Descriptive characterization of complete response (CR), partial response (PR), stable disease (SD), and progressive disease (PD) at Day +90. As well, progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), duration of remission (DOR) and overall response rate (ORR) will be determined. Efficacy will be descriptively stratified based on prior receipt of CAR-T cell therapy."
22119109|NCT02975687|"In this single-center, open-label, nonrandomized, no control, prospective clinical trial, a total of 20 resistant or refractory CD19+ B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients will be enrolled. Patients will be diagnosed according to morphologic, immunologic, cytogenetic and molecular(MICM) criteria, including bone marrow morphology, immunophenotype, cytogenetic and molecular examination. CD19 CAR T cells transduced with a lentiviral vector to express anti-CD19 scFv TCRζ:4-1BB,administered by i.v. injection as a using a split dose (total dose of 5x10^6/kg-5x10^7/kg) approach to dosing:10% on day 0, 30% on day 1 and 60% on day 2. This protocol will be given to subjects with unmet medical needs for which there are no effective therapies known at this time. Side effects of CD19 CAR T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19 CAR T cells therapy in patients with chemotherapy resistant or refractory CD19+ ALL."
22308583|NCT03298828|This is a multi-centre, non-randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of an Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Product named CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) and PD-1 knock out engineered T-cells (CD19 CAR and PD-1 knock out engineered T-cells) in children and adults (age <70 years) with high risk, relapsed CD19+ haematological malignancies (Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Burkitt's lymphoma). Following informed consent and registration to the trial, patients will undergo an unstimulated leukapheresis for the generation of the CD19 CAR T-cells. Patients will receive the CD19 CAR and PD-1 knock out engineered T-cells following lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The study will evaluate the safety, efficacy and duration of response of the CD19 CAR and PD-1 knock out engineered T-cells in children with high risk relapsed CD19+ malignancies.
22249602|NCT05298995|"The study will consist of a Phase I, dose escalation phase aimed at evaluating the safety and feasibility of intravenous injections of autologous iC9-GD2-CAR T-cells in patients with refractory/relapsed malignant CNS tumors.~Considering the peculiar potential risks associated with the treatment of CNS tumors, the study has been designed to enrol patients in 3 different arms depending on the histology and location of the disease. This model of enrollment is aimed at testing the safety sequentially, starting from categories of patients at lower risk of severe intracranial hypertension first, and subsequently proceeding with patients at proportionally increased risk. In particular, the three arms explored will be relapsed or refractory:~ARM A: MB/other embryonal tumor~ARM B: Hemispheric HGG~ARM C: Thalamic HGG, DMG, DIPG and other rare CNS tumors not included in Arm A and B~Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis in order to harvest T cells, which will be manufactured to obtain the autologous CAR T product iC9-GD2-CAR T-cells, a GD2-targeting CAR T product. Briefly, the patients will be treated with a lymphodepleting regimen containing conventional chemotherapic agents and subsequently will receive a single infusion of GD2-CART01.~Moreover, the product contains a suicide gene safety switch (namely inducible Caspase 9): in case of relevant toxicities, the patient will receive the dimerizing agent in order to activate the apoptotic pathway in the infused T cells.~After infusion of CAR T cells, the patients will enter a 5-year active follow-up period (for disease follow-up). A conventional 15-year follow-up will be performed as per regulatory requirements in patients receiving gene therapy."
22187169|NCT04723914|Prospectively evaluate the safety and effectiveness of CD19/CD20 dual-target CAR-T cells in the treatment of relapsed/refractory B-cell lymphoma . Strictly follow the inclusion criteria to screen eligible subjects for inclusion in clinical trials. The selected patients received CD19/CD20 dual-target CAR-T cell therapy. After the treatment is over, follow-up regularly to determine the survival status and follow-up treatment.
22187308|NCT02937103|Great progress has been made in the treatment of relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies with CD19-targeted CAR-T cells. However, for myeloid malignancies, which has higher morbidity, trials of CAR-T is few. CD123 is expressed on most myeloid leukemia cells so it is a ideal target for CAR-T. Some researches have revealed that CD123 is a marker of leukemia stem cells, which indicates that the eradication of CD123+ cells may prevent relapse of leukemia. This trial is designed and conducted to test the safety and effectiveness of CD123-targeted CAR-T.
22308991|NCT02456350|"Despite progress has been made to date in the treatment of patients with B cell malignancies, including leukemia and lymphoma, many patients with relapsed or refractory diseases do not respond to the standard treatments. It has been shown that anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells may be an effective approach to treat the relapsed or refractory diseases. The procedure involves collecting PBMCs from the patients and modifying the T cells to attack the malignant B cells. In this trial, autologous T cells engineered to express an anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) containing the signaling domains of CD28 and CD3-zeta, and a safety switch will be infused back to patients with B cell malignancies, including lymphoma and leukemia. The patients will be pretreated with a lymphodepleting preconditioning regimen before the infusion of anti-CD19 CAR T cells, and will be monitored for adverse events, persistence of anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells and the treatment efficacy.~OBJECTIVES:~Primary objectives~To determine the safety and feasibility of the administration of anti-CD19 CAR transduced T cells in patients with CD19+ B-cell malignancies.~Secondary objectives:~To determine if the treatment regimen can result in clinical regression of B-cell malignancies in the patients as described above.~To determine the in vivo persistency of the anti-CD19 CAR-transduced T cells."
22187341|NCT02935153|CD22 is a type I transmembrane protein expressed on most mature B lymphocyte in the B cell malignancies，and plays a significant role in signal transduction pathways．Despite of the fact that CD19-targeted CAR-T can re-induce remissions for many patients with relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies, a part of those patients will relapse with CD19-negative malignancies. To explore a rescue for those with CD19-negative B cell malignancies, we design and conduct this trial to test the safety and effectiveness of CD22-targeted CAR-T.
22373157|NCT05633615|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To compare the progression-free survival in participants with relapsed/refractory large B-cell lymphoma or follicular lymphoma grade 3B with stable disease (SD) or partial remission (PR) on first imaging response by central review (day +30 positron emission tomography [PET]/computed tomography [CT] scan) after commercial CD19 CAR T-cell therapy who are randomized to receive each consolidation therapy versus those that receive no consolidation therapy (i.e. control).~Ia. Specifically, to compare the progression free survival (PFS) of 1) mosunetuzumab consolidation to no consolidation, 2) polatuzumab vedotin consolidation to no consolidation, 3) mosunetuzumab + polatuzumab vedotin to no consolidation.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To compare overall survival (OS) in participants randomized to each consolidation treatment arm versus control.~II. To compare the complete remission (CR) conversion rate up to one year in participants randomized to each consolidation arm versus control.~III. To evaluate the treatment-related adverse events in participants randomized to each consolidation arm.~IV. To evaluate the association between total metabolic tumor volume (TMTV), standardized uptake value (SUV) max, and sum product (SPD) of diameters by PET-CT at first imaging response with complete remission conversion up to one year in participants randomized to each consolidation arm as well as those randomized to control.~V. To evaluate the overall response rate (ORR), CR rate, PFS, and OS of participants randomized to Arm 4 (observation) who have lymphoma progression within 12 months of CAR T-cell infusion and subsequently 'cross-over' to receive treatment with mosunetuzumab + polatuzumab vedotin.~VI. To estimate overall survival for all patients registered to this study. VII. To assess the difference in overall survival between participants who achieved CR at first imaging (day +30) versus those who did not achieve CR at first imaging.~BANKING OBJECTIVES:~I. To bank specimens for future correlative studies. II. To bank PET-CT images for future correlative studies.~OUTLINE:~STEP I: Patients receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy consisting of fludarabine intravenously (IV) and cyclophosphamide IV on study. Patients then receive tisagenlecleucel IV, axicabtagene ciloleucel IV, or lisocabtagene maraleucel IV on study.~STEP II: Patients are randomized to 1 of 4 arms.~ARM I: Patients receive mosunetuzumab IV on study. Patients also undergo PET-CT and/or CT and undergo collection of blood and tissue samples throughout the study.~ARM II: Patients receive polatuzumab vedotin IV on study. Patients also undergo PET-CT and/or CT and undergo collection of blood and tissue samples throughout the study.~ARM III: Patients receive polatuzumab vedotin IV and mosunetuzumab IV on study. Patients also undergo PET-CT and/or CT and undergo collection of blood and tissue samples throughout the study.~ARM IV: Patients undergo observation on study. Patients also undergo PET-CT and/or CT and undergo collection of blood and tissue samples throughout the study. Patients with subsequent progression within 12 months of CAR T-cell therapy may crossover to Arm III."
22373162|NCT05587543|Each subject was observed for at least 4 weeks after cell reinfusion (DLT observation period) . A minimum of three participants should be included in each dose group, and two or more participants should not be included in each dose group at the same time, each subject should not be enrolled until the first 1 subject did not experience a grade 3 or higher adverse event (CTCAE5.0) related to the study drug during the DLT observation period. Three or six subjects were enrolled in each dose group, depending on the occurrence of DLT. If three subjects in one dose group did not experience DLT, three subjects were enrolled in the next higher dose group; if one of three subjects experienced DLT, three more subjects were enrolled in the dose group; Expanded to 6 subjects; if only 1 of the 6 subjects after amplification produced a DLT, then 3 subjects were enrolled into the next higher dose; If a DLT occurred in ≥2 of the 6 subjects after amplification, then the dose was specified to be higher than the MTD (MTD defined as the highest dose at which a DLT occurred in ≤1/6 subjects) , new subjects were included in the previous lower dose (tolerated dose) group until the lower dose group reached 6 subjects. If DLT occurred in ≤1/6 of the subjects, the lower dose group was defined as MTD or the best effective dose. A total of six subjects received the maximum tolerated dose. In the course of the study, the researcher can combine the safety and preliminary efficacy data of the enrolled subjects, and take the safety of the subjects and the maximum benefit of the disease as the premise, study treatment was performed at the maximum tolerated dose or other doses determined by the investigator.
22187540|NCT02919046|This is a single-arm, multicenter clinical study to evaluate efficacy and safety of chimeric antigen receptor T cell immunotherapy (CAR-T) in the treatment of relapsed or refractory neuroblastoma in children. The study will be conducted using a phaseⅠ/Ⅱdesign the study will have the following sequential phases: part A (screening, leukapheresis,cell product preparation and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and part B (treatment and follow-up). the follow-up period for each participant is approximately 35 months after the final CAR-T infusion. The total duration of the study are expected to be approximately 3 years. A total of 22 patients may be enrolled over a period of 3 years.
22373332|NCT02442297|"First, to find out if HER2 is expressed in the patient's brain cancer, the investigators will need to obtain the tissue block or tissue specimen that was used to make the original diagnosis. If there is enough material, investigators may also look for other proteins that may be targets for this sort of immune therapy in the future. Up to 90mls (18 tsp) of blood will be drawn on two occasions for a total of 180mls (36tsp). The total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 ml (less than 1 teaspoon) per 2.2 lbs of body weight.~To make HER2 CAR T cells the investigators will introduce the HER2 CAR gene into patient's T cells. To get the HER2 antibody to attach to the surface of the T cells, investigators will insert the antibody gene into the T cells. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps the investigators find the T cells in patient's blood after they inject them. Most of the cells generated will be frozen and stored to give back to the patient.~This is a dose escalation study. This means that at the beginning, patients will be started on the lowest dosing schedule (1 of 3 different levels) of T cells. Once that dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at a higher schedule. This process will continue until all 3 dose schedules are studied. If the side effects are too severe, the dose will be lowered or the T-cell infusions will be stopped.~The patient will be given three injections of cells two weeks apart into a special catheter that a neurosurgeon will implant into the tumor or the cavity left in the brain after surgical removal or into the fluid-filled space in your brain. The first injection of cells you receive will be the lowest dose. The subsequent injections, depending on the patient's assigned dosing schedule, may be higher than the first. Before the patient receives each injection, they may be given a dose of Tylenol. Each injection will take between 1 and 10 minutes. The patient will be admitted for overnight observation after each T-cell injection. Injections of T cells will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~If the patient has stable disease (the tumor did not grow), a reduction in the size of the tumor on imaging studies, or unconfirmed progressive disease, but health status is stable after the start of T-cell injections (at least 6 weeks after), they can receive additional doses of the T cells at 2 to 4 week intervals if they wish. Additional doses of T cells will be given at the highest cell dose the patient receives during the initial three cell infusions. Therefore, the dose the patient receives for additional doses may be higher than the initial dose they received.~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests: physical exam, blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function,' pregnancy test if the patient is a female who could potentially become pregnant or might be pregnant, measurements of patient's tumor by routine imaging studies.~The patient will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and after: physical exams, blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function, measurements of patient's tumor by routine imaging studies 6 weeks after the infusion.~To learn more about the way the HER2-CAR T cells are working and how long they last in the body, an extra amount of blood, based on patient's weight, up to a maximum of 60 mL (12 teaspoons) of blood will be taken on the day of the T-cell infusion (before and 1 to 4 hours after the T-cell infusion), 3-4 days after the infusion (this one is optional), 1, 2, 4 and 6 weeks after the T-cell infusion and every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years. This volume is considered safe, but may be decreased if the patient is anemic. This sample will be kept in a coded manner so that only the study staff may identify the patient.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in patient's blood at a certain amount, an extra 5ml of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~To see if there are any long-term side effects of gene transfer, the investigators will follow the patient up to 15 years.~If the patient receives additional T-cell infusions after the first one, s/he will have the same tests and blood draws as described above.~If the patient has a tumor biopsy or lumbar puncture to obtain CSF performed any time while s/he are on the study, a sample of this will be requested for research purposes.~If the patient develops a second abnormal growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested for research purposes (if a sample can be obtained)."
22309487|NCT03207178|"To determine:~Primary Outcome Measure:~The Overall complete remission rate and one-year survival rate of combination transfer of CD19-targeting CAR T Cells and CD20-targeting CAR T Cells is superior to or at least not worse than two kinds of single target treatments in the treatment of CD19+/CD20+ B-cell lymphomas.~The risk of cancer recurrence in a year of combination transfer of CD19-targeting CAR T Cells and CD20-targeting CAR T Cells is inferior to two kinds of single target treatments.~Secondary Outcome Measures:~Evaluate the initial effect time, time to disease progression, and life quality improvement of combination transfer compare to single target treatments.~Evaluate the safety and tolerability of combination transfer compare to single target treatments by observation of high fever duration in patients and testing related cell factor level in peripheral blood."
22251148|NCT04094766|CD19-directed CAR-T cell therapy has shown promising results for the treatment of relapsed or refractory acute B lymphoblastic leukemia. CD19 and CD22 are proteins usually expressed on the surface of the B leukemia cells. The dual specificity CAR enables the T-cells to recognize and kill the tumor cell through recognition of CD19 and CD22.
22309732|NCT03118180|A prospective study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CART19 for refractory/relapsed B cell lymphoma. Complete remission rate, overall survival rate, relapse rate and CRS rate were monitored. CART associated toxicities were also monitored.
22373827|NCT05623488|This is a phase I study to establish the safety and feasibility of lentiviral transduced CAR T cell products in patients with mesothelin expressing breast cancer. This study will be initiated as a single cohort (described below), however the adaptive design will allow for additional disease indications and other investigational CAR T cell products to be explored as separate cohorts under this protocol in the future.
22373881|NCT05457010|"This is a Phase I open-label, safety, and dose-escalation study of ARC-T cells and SPRX002 in participants with relapsed or refractory AML or high-risk MDS. The study will have the following sequential phases: screening, enrollment, pretreatment with lymphodepletion (LD) chemotherapy, treatment with SPRX002 and ARCT cells, treatment extension with SPRX002, follow up, and long-term safety follow-up.~Following a single infusion of SPRX002 and ARC T (Day 0) and followed by regular administration of SPRX002 at the assigned dose level, both safety and efficacy data will be assessed. Dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) will be assessed through Day 28 and safety data will be collected throughout the study. Long-term safety data will be collected for up to 15 years per health authority guidelines. Efficacy will be assessed monthly for the first 6 months, then quarterly up to 2 years, or upon subject relapse.~ARC-T cells are a genetically modified autologous T-cell product. The T cell has been transduced using a third-generation lentiviral vector encoding a binding domain (referred to as AF101) chimeric antigen receptor (CAR), followed by CD8 spacer and transmembrane region that is fused to the intracellular signaling domains 4-1BB and CD3ζ. AF101 specifically binds to the TAG protein (referred to as Q26) of the soluble protein antigen-receptor x-linker (sparX; specifically, SPRX002)."
22373887|NCT05442580|"This is an open-label Phase 1 study to estimate the safety and manufacturing feasibility of lentivirally transduced T cells expressing anti-CD38 chimeric antigen receptors expressing tandem TCRζ and 4-1BB (TCRζ /4-1BB) costimulatory domains in patients with Acute Myeloid Leukemia and Multiple Myeloma. This CAR T cell product will be referred to as CART-38 cells.~Three dose levels of CART-38 cells will be evaluated using a 3+3 dose escalation design in two parallel disease cohorts as follows:~Cohort A: Relapsed/Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML)~Cohort B: Multiple Myeloma (MM)~Enrollment in Cohorts A and B may occur in parallel, however subject infusions must be staggered as follows:~Inter-Cohort Stagger: The first three subjects in the study, irrespective of cohort assignment, must be staggered by a minimum of 28 days.~Intra-Cohort Stagger: In order to allow for appropriate monitoring/assessment of toxicities, the 1st and 2nd subject infusions at every dose level within each individual disease cohort must be staggered by at least 28 days. If there are no emergent safety concerns identified in the first subject infused, subsequent subject infusions within that disease cohort/dose level do not need to be staggered and may be infused sequentially (e.g. 2nd and 3rd subject infusions may occur in parallel). Formal DLT evaluations will be performed after the 3rd subject in each disease cohort/dose level reaches the Day 28 safety follow-up visit, and will allow for a formal decision regarding dose level progression, expansion, or de-escalation. Formal DLT evaluations will be determined by the Clinical PI and Sponsor Medical Director.~Cohort-specific DLT assessments will be performed after the 3rd evaluable subject at each dose level completes their Day 28 Safety Follow-up Visit. Generally, each cohort/dose level will be evaluated as follows. Please refer to Section 3.1 of the study protocol for complete details:~If 0 DLTs are observed in the first 3 DLT evaluable subjects at an assigned dose level, the disease cohort will advance to the next dose level. If 0 DLTs are observed in the first 3 DLT evaluable subjects at the highest dose level (Dose Level 3), the disease cohort will add an additional 3 DLT evaluable subjects at this dose level to further evaluate safety.~If 1 DLT is observed in the first 3 DLT evaluable subjects at an assigned dose level, the disease cohort will enroll an additional 3 evaluable subjects at this dose level to further evaluate safety. If 0 DLTs are observed in the second 3 evaluable subjects at this dose level (or a total of 1 DLT/6 evaluable subjects), the disease cohort will advance to the next dose level.~If 2 DLTs are observed at an assigned dose level at any time, enrollment into that disease cohort will be stopped and the dose level for that cohort will be de-escalated to the previous dose level. If fewer than 6 DLT evaluable subjects were infused at the previous dose level, up to 6 total evaluable subjects will be infused to establish the maximum tolerated dose (MTD).~The MTD is defined as the dose at which 0 or 1 DLT occurs in 6 DLT evaluable subjects.~DLT evaluable subjects are those who receive CART-38 cells as per their assigned dose level and either a) complete the DLT evaluation period per protocol, or b) experience a DLT that requires premature study discontinuation during the DLT evaluation period. Subjects that do not qualify as DLT evaluable will be replaced at the same dose level.~Retreatment:~Subjects who have demonstrated clinical benefit after their initial CART-38 infusion may also be eligible to receive retreatment with CART-38 cells at the physician-investigator's discretion. The CART-38 retreatment dose administered must not exceed a CART-38 dose that has been fully explored at previous dose levels and established as safe. Therefore, retreatment will remain closed until the safety of the CART-38 cells has been fully established within Dose Level 1 for that Cohort, and DSMB and FDA approval to open retreatment has been received."
22373892|NCT05432635|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. Assess the safety and describe the toxicity profile of anti-CD19-CAR CMV-specific T-lymphocytes (CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cells) alone and when given in combination with multi-peptide CMV-modified vaccinia Ankara vaccine (CMV-modified vaccinia Ankara [MVA] triplex vaccine) following autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation (autoHSCT) to treat participants with intermediate or high grade B-lineage non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) who are in first relapse after achieving complete remission (CR) or did not achieve CR after a first line therapy.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the feasibility of autologous CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cell manufacturing, as assessed by the ability to meet the required cell dose and product release requirements in 5 out of 6 enrolled participants.~II. Determine short- and longer-term CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cell in vivo expansion and persistence.~III. Assess whether the CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cells respond to CMV-MVA triplex vaccine.~IV. Estimate the rate of CMV reactivation after CAR T cell infusion. V. Estimate the rate of progression-free survival (PFS) and median overall survival (OS) at 12 months post-autoHSCT.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess whether the CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cells respond to CMV-MVA triplex vaccine when administered to participants that received CAR T cells only in the safety lead-in portion in the expansion phase of the study (i.e., once safety of the CMV-MVA triplex vaccine is established in the feasibility portion of the study).~Ia. Participants who receive CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cells in the safety lead-in portion of the study may be eligible to receive the CMV-MVA Triplex vaccine in the expansion portion of the study per principal investigator (PI) discretion and if all other criteria to proceed with vaccine administration are met.~OUTLINE:~CONDITIONING REGIMEN: Patients receive standard conditioning regimen (typically carmustine, etoposide, cytarabine, melphalan) beginning approximately on day -9 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~TRANSPLANTATION: Patients undergo autoHSCT on day -2.~CAR T-CELLS AND VACCINATION: Patients receive CMV-specific CD19-CAR T cells intravenously (IV) on day 0 and CMV-MVA triplex vaccine intramuscularly (IM) on days 28 and 56 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 18-24 hours, weeks 1-3, at 1 month, at day 84, months 4-11, and at 1 year. Patients with disease progression or starting a prohibited therapy are also followed up on months 2-4, 6, and 12 after CAR T cell infusion, and then yearly for up to 15 years."
22309942|NCT03185494|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD19/CD22 vector (referred to as tanCART-19/22 cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of tanCART-19/22 cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of tanCART-19/22TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to tanCART-19/22 cell infusions.~II. CD137 transgene is measured by the relative engraftment levels of tanCART-19/22 CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~III. Estimate relative trafficking of tanCART-19/22 cells to tumor in bone marrow and lymph nodes.~IV. For patients with stored or accessible tumor cells (such as patients with active chronic lymphocytic leukemia(CLL), acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), etc) determine tumor cell killing by tanCART-19/22 cells in vitro.~V. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD19/22, and assess correlation with loss of detectable tanCART-19/20 (loss of engraftment).~VI. Determine the relative subsets of tanCART-19/22 T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg).~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 group according to order of enrollment. Patients receive anti-CD19/22-CAR (coupled with CD137 and CD3 zeta signalling domains)vector-transduced autologous T cells on days 0,1, and 2 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 3 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 13 years."
22374113|NCT04499339|"Multiple myeloma (MM) is a rare hematologic malignancy of aberrant plasma cells.~There is a high and currently unmet medical need for novel, innovative treatment concepts to improve the therapeutic outcome and prognosis of patients suffering from MM.~There is definitive evidence that MM is susceptible to immune-based therapies from pre-clinical investigations and early clinical trials.~CARAMBA-1 is a first-in human clinical trial of adoptive immunotherapy with autologous SLAMF7 CAR-T cells in patients with advanced MM that have exhausted conventional therapies.~The CARAMBA-1 clinical trial is an open-label, non-randomized, multicenter clinical trial which combines a phase I dose-escalation part with a phase IIa dose-expansion part to assess feasibility, safety and anti-myeloma activity of SLAMF7 CAR-T cells.~SLAMF7 CAR-T cells are manufactured using virus-free gene-transfer using the Sleeping Beauty transposon system.~The CAR-T cell product is formulated to contain equal proportions of CD8 cytotoxic and CD4 helper SLAMF7 CAR-T cells.~The CARAMBA project and the CARAMBA-1 clinical trial are supported by the European Union in the Horizon 2020 research and innovation program."
22374116|NCT04484012|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Evaluate the safety of adding CD19CAR-CD28-CD3zeta-EGFRt-expressing Tn/mem-enriched T-lymphocytes (CD19 CAR T cells) to acalabrutinib treatment. (Safety Lead-in) II. Estimate the complete response (CR) rate within 6 months after adding CD19 CAR T cells to acalabrutinib treatment. (Phase 2)~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess best response, time to and duration of CR. II. Estimate the 1-year progression free survival (PFS) rate and overall survival (OS).~III. Describe the full toxicity profile.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess CD19-CAR T cell persistence. II. Assess CD19-CAR T cell activity as measured by CD19 B cell aplasia. III. Describe the duration of CR from completion of acalabrutinib. IV. Describe immunogenicity of CD19-CAR T cells in the presence of the BTK inhibitor.~V. Characterize CD19 expression on tumor cells. VI. Describe cytokine profile after CD19-CAR T cell infusion. VII. Determine BTK and PLCG2 mutational status prior to treatment.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive acalabrutinib orally (PO) twice daily (BID) on days -5 to 28 of cycle 1 and on days 1-28 of subsequent cycles. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells intravenously (IV) on day 0. Treatment with acalabrutinib repeats every 28 days for up to 6 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients who have not attained CR after the first disease assessment and tolerated the initial CAR T cell infusion may receive a second CAR T cell infusion in cycle 2.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 3, 6 and 12 months, then yearly for up to 15 years post CAR T cells infusion."
22120250|NCT04740203|This is a prospective, single arm study. To evaluate the safety and efficacy of sequential CD19 and CD22 CAR-T cells in the treatment of adult newly diagnosed Ph chromosome negative B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The main endpoints were dose limiting toxicity (DLT) and incidence of adverse events (TEAEs).
22188218|NCT05415475|Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) is a classic tumor marker, which is positively expressed in a variety of digestive tract tumors. In normal tissue cells, only a small amount of CEA is expressed in the cell membrane of digestive tract cells. In the early clinical trials of CAR-T targeting CEA carried out by the technical partner, it was found that CAR-T cell preparations have a certain killing effect on CEA-positive tumor cells. At the same time, no serious CAR-T-related adverse events were found through dose-escalating infusion. In this study, through the optimization of the CAR structure and the improvement of the culture method, the killing ability and survival ability of the CAR-T cell preparation on tumor cells in vitro and in vivo were improved to further verify the safety and efficacy.
22120314|NCT00586391|"Patients will give us blood to make CD19 CD28 chimeric receptor-T cells in the laboratory. These cells will be grown and frozen for the patient. To make the T cells investigators take the blood and stimulate it with growth factors to make the T cells grow. To get the CD19 antibody (with CD28) to attach to the surface of the T cell, they insert the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps us find the T cells in the blood after they inject them using a special laboratory test. Because the patients will receive cells with a new gene in them they will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer. If the patient cannot visit the clinic, they may be contacted by the research coordinator or physician.~When the patients enroll on this study, they will be assigned a dose of CD19 CD28 chimeric receptor-T cells.~For those with intermediate or low grade lymphoma/leukemia: The investigators' studies so far have shown that the infused T cells may need to receive an extra boost in order to expand efficiently in the body. Therefore, 2 weeks after T cell infusion, the patient may receive one injection of a drug called ipilimumab, which they believe will help the T cells grow. This drug is approved by the FDA to treat certain cancers, such as melanoma, but the dose of drug used for this study will be lower than those used in those other treatments to avoid side effects.~Patients will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose. The injection will take about 10 minutes. Patients will be followed in the clinic after the injection for up to 3 hours. If after a 4-6 week evaluation period after the infusion, the patient seems to be experiencing a benefit (confirmed by radiological studies, physical exam and/or symptoms), they may be able to receive up to three additional doses of the T cells if they wish. These additional infusions would be at least 4-6 weeks apart and at the same dose level they received the first time or a lower dose. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~To learn more about the way the CD19 CD28 chimeric receptor-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn."
22188348|NCT05075603|"This is a multicenter Phase 1b study evaluating the safety, tolerability, and preliminary anti-tumor activity of NT-I7 administration following standard of care CD19 CAR T-cell therapy for eligible subjects with r/r LBCL. The study consists of a Dose Escalation phase followed by a Dose Expansion phase.~In the Dose Escalation phase, subjects will be enrolled in 1 of 7 dose levels, starting with 60 µg/kg and up to 720 µg/kg. A dose schedule for an individual dose level will not be taken into expansion until the Dose Escalation phase has been completed or a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) has been determined, whichever occurs first.~In the Dose Expansion phase, up to 15 subjects will be enrolled and treated with the recommended dose identified in the Dose Escalation phase.~Up to 17- 42 subjects in the Dose Escalation phase, and up to 15 subjects in the Dose Expansion phase will be enrolled at approximately 6 study centers.~Treatment Plan:~NT-I7 (aka rhIL-7-hyFc, efineptakin alpha), Tisagenlecleucel (Kymriah®), Axicabtagene ciloleucel (Yescarta®), Lisocabtagene Maraleucel (Breyanzi®)~*CAR-T Therapy will be administered per manufacturer's recommendations and in accordance with FDA prescribing guidelines and best institutional practices for standard of care use."
22120414|NCT05445011|"Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a hematological malignancy characterized by clonal proliferation of hematopoietic stem cells or progenitor cells. AML is the most common type of leukemia in adults; the 5-year survival rate is only 24%. Moreover, 40%-50% of young patients and most elderly patients eventually suffered relapses.~FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3) is a member of the class III receptor tyrosine kinases, mainly expressed on the cell surface of hematopoietic progenitor cells and plays an important role in normal hematopoiesis such as proliferation, differentiation and survival. The variable expression of FLT3 can be found on leukemia blasts from over 90% of AML patients. Although about 30% of AML have FLT3 gene mutations, the ectodomain of the FLT3 molecule is usually spared so that cellular immunotherapy against it has great therapeutic potential. It is shown that FLT3 expression is detected in more than half of hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) and multipotent progenitor (MPP) cells on average, while the average positive rate of lymphoid progenitor (CLP) cells is less than 20%. Since the expression level of FLT3 on hematopoietic cells is not as high as CD33 and CD123, potential hematological toxicity has been supposed to be less obstructive to the development of FLT3-CAR-T Cell products. Besides, the expression of FLT3 is not found in other normal tissues. And it is reported that FLT3 CAR T cells did not deplete CD34(+) HSCs and preserve HSC differentiation in the mice model. Therefore, conducting CAR-T cell therapy targeting the FLT3 molecule could be very promising in the clinical practice of treating AML. TAA05 Cell Injection is a kind of FLT3-targeted CAR-T cell containing an optimized CD28 costimulatory domain which could help reduce the risk of toxic side effects. This clinical trial aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of TAA05 Cell Injection in patients with FLT3 positive AML."
22374283|NCT03585764|"This is a Phase I study evaluating the safety and feasibility of intraperitoneally administered lentiviral transduced MOv19-BBz CAR T cells in 4 cohorts with or without cyclophosphamide + fludarabine in a 3+3 dose escalation design.~The DLT observation period is 28 days post CAR T cell infusion. The Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD) is defined as the dose at which 0 or 1 DLT occurs in 6 evaluable subjects tested within the dose range of this study.~Cohort 1: (n= 3 to 6 subjects): Single infusion of 1-3x107 /m2 lentivirally transduced MOv19-BBz CAR T cells on day 0 without lymphodepleting chemotherapy.~Cohort 2: (n= 3 to 6 subjects): Single infusion of 1-3x107 /m2 lentivirally transduced MOv19-BBz CAR T cells on day 0 beginning 3 days (+/- 1 day) after lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide + fludarabine.~Cohort 3: (n=3 to 6 subjects): Single infusion of 1-3x108 lentivirally transduced MOv19-BBz CAR T cells on day 0 beginning 3 days (+/- 1 day) after lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide + fludarabine.~Cohort -1: (n= 3 to 6 subjects): Single Infusion of 1-3x106 /m2 lentivirally transduced MOv19-BBz CAR T cells on day 0 without lymphodepleting chemotherapy. Up to 6 subjects will be infused in Cohort -1 with ≤ 1 DLT/6 subjects to establish the MTD."
22374291|NCT03549442|"Phase A: Safety Run-in to test the safety of CART-BCMA + huCART19 as split-dose infusions after lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide + fludarabine in patients who have relapsed/refractory myeloma after two prior regimens but who are responding to their current therapy. Phase A Expansion: To occur once safety is demonstrated in Phase A. - Phase B: Randomization Phase in which patients responding to first or second-line therapy will receive either CART-BCMA alone (Cohort~1) or CART-BCMA + huCART19 (Cohort 2) as split-dose infusions after lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide + fludarabine. Phase C: Single-dose infusion phase to test the safety of single-dose infusion of CART-BCMA alone (Cohort 1) and CART-BCMA + huCART19 (Cohort 2) as single-dose infusions after lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide + fludarabine in patients responding to first- or second-line therapy."
22252176|NCT02580747|"I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-meso vector (referred to as CART-meso cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-meso cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-meso TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta:CD137 over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to CART-meso cell infusions.~II. Estimate relative trafficking of CART-meso cells to tumor in bone marrow and lymph nodes.~III. For patients with stored or accessible tumor cells determine tumor cell killing by CART-meso cells in vitro.~IV. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-meso, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-meso (loss of engraftment).~V. Determine the relative subsets of CART-meso T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg)."
22374317|NCT03288493|Phase 1 follows a 3 + 3 design of dose-escalating cohorts. Phase 2 of the study is an open-label multi-center efficacy and safety study. After a patient enrolls, leukapheresis will be performed to obtain peripheral blood mononuclear cells which will be sent to a manufacturing site to produce P-BCMA-101 CAR-T cells. The cells will then be returned to the investigational site and, after a standard chemotherapy based conditioning regimen, will be administered to the patient across 1-3 infusions, with or without combination therapy. Treated patients will undergo serial measurements of safety, tolerability and response. Rimiducid may be administered as indicated.
22374345|NCT03054298|"This is a Phase I study evaluating the safety and feasibility of lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells with and without cyclophosphamide and via different routes of administration.~Cohort 1 (N=3-6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x10^7 /m^2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0 without any conditioning chemotherapeutic regimen.~Cohort 2 (N=3-6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x10^7 /m^2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0, following a flat dose of 1 gram/m2 of cyclophosphamide administered 2-4 days prior to huCARTmeso cells (day -4 to day -2).~Cohort 3 (N=3-6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x10^8 /m^2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0 without any conditioning chemotherapeutic regimen. **Cohort 3 permanently closed**~Cohort 4 subjects (N=3-6) will receive a single dose of 1-3x10^8 /m^2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0, following a flat dose of 1 gram/m^2 of cyclophosphamide administered 2-4 days prior to huCART-meso cells (day -4 to day -2). **Cohort 4 permanently closed**~Cohort 5 (N=up to 6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x10^7 /m^2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0 by intrapleural infusion (IP) through an indwelling pleural catheter without any conditioning chemotherapeutic regimen. The safety of this dose level has been established by Cohorts 1 and 2.~Cohort 6 (N=up to 6): will receive lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells at a dose of 1-3x10^7 via IV infusion on Day 0, following a flat dose of 1 gram/m^2 of cyclophosphamide administered 2-4 days prior to huCART-meso cells (~Day -4 to -2). This initial infusion may be followed by up to two additional IV infusions of huCART-meso cells at the same dose level, given between 21-42 days apart, if the subject meets eligibility to receive additional infusions. Cyclophosphamide will not be repeated prior to subsequent doses of huCART-meso cells. Enrollment into Cohort 6 will occur in parallel with Cohort 5.~Cohort 7 (N = up to 6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x107 huCART-meso cells/m2 via intraperitoneal (i.p.) administration, following lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day and fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day given over 3 days by intravenous infusion. Lymphodepleting chemotherapy will be scheduled such that the last day of chemotherapy is 3 days (+/- 1 day) prior to the 1st infusion of huCART-meso cells. This initial i.p. infusion may be followed by up to two additional infusions of huCART-meso cells via intravenous (IV) administration at the same dose level, given between 21-42 days apart. The subject must meet eligibility to receive additional infusions . Lymphodepleting chemotherapy will not be repeated prior to additional infusions of huCART-meso cells.~The Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD) is defined as the dose at which 0-1 DLT occurs in 6 evaluable subjects tested within the dose range of this study. The maximum tolerated dose has been established as 1-3x10^7/m^2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells.~Adverse events will be collected and evaluated during the protocol specified adverse event reporting period"
22374406|NCT01837602|This study is designed to determine the safety and feasibility of intratumoral administration of autologous T cells that have had genetic material transferred into the cell to redirect them to target breast cancer cells rather than their usual target. Eligible subjects will have metastatic breast cancer refractory to at least one standard therapy or to newly diagnosed with operable triple negative breast cancer.
22310487|NCT03361748|Anti-myeloma bridging treatment is allowed for disease control while bb2121 is being manufactured.
22188642|NCT03768310|"First, a donor gave us blood to make CD19 chimeric receptor multivirus specific T cells in the laboratory. These cells are grown and frozen for the patient. To make these special T cells, they are first stimulated with proteins specific for the target 5 viruses, then grow them with stimulator cells. These stimulator cells are irradiated (exposed to X ray waves in the laboratory) so that they can no longer grow. The proteins help the T cells learn to see and attack cells infected with CMV, EBV, Adv, BKV and HHV-6 (the target 5 viruses).~To get the CD19 antibody to attach to the surface of the T cell, the antibody gene is inserted into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps us find the T cells in the blood after injection. Once a sufficient number of T cells are made, they are frozen and tested to make sure they kill CD19+ tumor cells and cells infected with CMV, EBV, Adv, BKV and HHV-6 in the laboratory. The investigators will also test the cells to make sure they don't kill other normal cells in the body. Once testing is completed the cells will be ready to give to the patient.~Because the patient will have received cells with a new gene in them, the patient will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer. Because this is what is called a dose-escalation study, the investigators will be testing 3 different doses of T cells to find out which dose is safe, and possibly beneficial. When patients enroll on this study, they will be assigned a dose of CD19 chimeric receptor multivirus specific T cells. The dose received depends on the number of patients who have been treated before the patient, and how well they tolerated the T cells.~Patients will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV line at the assigned dose. Before they receive the injection, they may be given a dose of diphenhydramine (Benadryl) and acetaminophen (Tylenol). The injection will take about 10 minutes. The investigators will follow the patient in the clinic after the injection for up to 4 hours. Alternatively, if the patient has a high level of leukemia or lymphoma in the body, the investigators may decide to monitor the patient in the hospital after the injection. Patients will be required to remain local for at least 3 weeks after the T cell injection. This will be discussed before the treatment. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment- Patients will receive a series of standard medical tests including physical exam and blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function.~Medical tests during and after treatment- Patients will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and after including physical exams and blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function.~To learn more about the way the CD19 chimeric receptor multivirus specific T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. This blood may be drawn from a central line (existing long-term IV) if the patient has one. On the day patients receive the cells, blood will be taken before the cells are given and 3 hours afterwards. Other blood will be drawn one week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks and 8 weeks after the infusion, then at Months 3, 6, 9 and 12. Because patients have had a bone marrow transplant, the majority of these time points would require a blood draw to check the standard medical tests anyway. However, some of these time points may involve an extra trip to clinic and blood draw. Then blood will be drawn every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years (up to 30 blood collections). If patients receive the cells at a time when sensitive tests indicate relapse or a high risk of relapse, patients will have additional reviews and blood tests to monitor these tests and look for relapse.~Patients will receive supportive care for acute (short) or chronic (long-term) toxicity, including blood components or antibiotics, and other intervention as appropriate."
22120705|NCT05326243|"Cluster of differentiation (CD) 19 chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) has been a very promising treatment option for multiple types of B-cell lymphoma. Kymriah® (tisagenlecleucel, Novartis) and Yescarta® (axicabtagene ciloleucel, Gilead) were licensed by the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2017 to treat relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL), diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), and High-grade B-cell lymphoma (HGBCL). A third anti-CD19 CAR-T product, Tecartus (brexucabtagene autoleucel, Gilead) was approved by the US FDA for relapsed and refractory mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) in July 2020. In February 2021, another product, Breyanzi® (lisocabtagene maraleucel, Juno Therapeutics, Inc.), was approved by the US FDA for relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including DLBCL not otherwise specified (including DLBCL arising from indolent lymphoma), high-grade B-cell lymphoma, Primary mediastinal large B cell lymphoma (PMLBCL), and Gr. 3b FL.~Currently, in Taiwan, no CD19 CAR-T therapies are available commercially.This Phase 1/Phase 2 study will test PL001, a CD19 CAR-T therapy manufactured by Pell Bio-Med Technology Co., Ltd., as a monotherapy for relapsed or refractory B-cell lymphoma. The Phase 1 of the study will be conducted to establish a dose range that is well tolerated by the majority of patients and to provide a safety profile of PL001 in the target patient population. The results of the Phase 1 of the study will recommend the dose selection for the Phase 2 of the study. Phase 2 of the study will assess the efficacy and safety of PL001 in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell lymphoma."
22253136|NCT03740256|"Treatment with CAdVEC:~On the first day of your treatment, participants will receive an injection of CAdVEC into your tumor.~A blood sample will be obtained from the participant before the CAdVEC intratumor injection . Depending on the location of the tumor, different techniques can be used for the injection into your tumor. The most common route of injection is ultrasound-guided percutaneous (needle puncture in the skin) injection, but endoscopic (using a lighted, flexible instrument called an endoscope) ultrasound-guidance will be used for some patients as appropriate. Prior to percutaneous injection, participants may receive an anti-anxiety medicine to calm them down, to relieve muscle spasms, and provide sedation. If the participants tumor is injected during an endoscopic procedure, the procedure may be done under sedation.~Treatment with HER2- specific autologous T Cells:~Earlier the participant gave blood for us to make HER2 targeting cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (HER2- specific autologous T Cells). These cells are grown in the lab and frozen for participants. Invesitgators made the cells by combining dendritic cells (DCs) or monocytes with the T cells in the presence of produced mixtures of adenoviral proteins. Investigators then put a new gene in to those T cells to make them specifically attract to and kill HER2 positive tumors. As the T cells grow, they are cultured by adding adenoviral proteins for stimulation and expansion. Investigators call those T cells: HER2- targeting T cells (HER2- specific autologous T Cells).~This study looks at different doses of HER2- specific autologous T Cells. The decision about the dose participants receive is determined when enrolled on the study.~Seven dose levels will be evaluated. Cohorts of size 3 will be enrolled at each dose level until 9 evaluable patients have been studied at a single dose. Each patient will receive an intratumoral injection of CAdVEC alone or combined with an injection of HER2.CAR T cells.~CAdVEC intratumoral injection will be given as a single injection to a single appropriate tumor site by direct, endoscopic, or image-guided injection on Day 1. The injection site will be chosen based on a combination of criteria, including accessibility and safety of injection site; tumor size; and anticipated tumor viability (e.g. avoid necrotic or cystic injection sites). HER2.CAR T cells will be given intravenously on day 4 after CAdVEC injection, with a 3 day window (until day 7).~Before receiving the T cell infusion, participants may be given Benadryl (diphenhydramine) and Tylenol (acetaminophen). Tylenol and Benadryl are given to prevent a possible allergic reaction to the T cell administration.~Standard medical tests before treatment:~Before being treated, participants will receive a series of standard medical tests and procedures as well as research blood draws.~Standard Medical tests during and after treatment:~During treatment, participants will receive standard medical tests and procedures as well as research blood draws.~Study specific evaluations:~Investigators will follow participants closely after treatment for any side effects for at least 2 years after the last infusion.~To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the body, an extra blood sample will be taken before the CAdVEC injection, before the CAR T cell infusion, and at week 1, 2, 4 , 6, months 3, 6, 9 and 12 after CAR T cell infusion. Thereafter every 6 months up to 5 years and then yearly for 15 years. Investigators will use this blood to see how long the T cells last and to look at the immune response to the cancer. Investigators may also obtain a tumor tissue biopsy before CAdVEC injection, between days 5 and 10 after infusion of the HER-2 CAR-T cells, and at the time tumor recurs. Buccal swabs (cheek scraping) and urine will be collected before CAdVEC injection, Days 2, 4 (or the day of CAR T-cell infusion), weeks 1 and 2 after CAR T cell infusion."
22121089|NCT03019055|This is a single center, single arm, open label phase I/1b study to demonstrate the feasibility of manufacturing CAR-T cells expressing tandem receptors against both CD20 and CD19 (CAR-20/19-T) in a completely closed system using the CliniMACS Prodigy device and then determine the safety of this dual targeted CAR in a first-in-human study of patients with relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies. Secondary outcomes will include response rates, and observed toxicities of the treatment, specifically the development of cytokine release syndrome (CRS), an inflammatory storm that has been seen with previous CAR-T therapies.
22311311|NCT03114670|Allo-HSCT is increasingly being used for AML, however, leukemia relapse remain a main problem for decades.Recently the investigators have witnessed great progresses in cancer therapy with chimeric antigen receptors modified T cells(CAR-T), especially for B-cell malignance. preclinical data about anti-CD123 CART have shown raised serious safety concerns of human anti-CD123 CAR-T for severe impairment of normal hematopoiesis in NSG mice.Patients with AML recurred after allo-HSCT have a dismal prognosis.The investigators developed donor-derived CART to target CD123 for the treatment of AML. The investigators start the Phase I study aimed to recurred post-transplantation AML patients using donor-derived CAR-T. The purpose of this study is to assess the safety and effectiveness of anti-CD123 CAR-T cells in patients.
22311329|NCT04440436|This is a phase Ⅰ/Ⅱ. The phase I is a single-center study. The main objective is to evaluate the safety of IM19 CAR-T cell therapy for patients with relapsed or refractory CD19-positive invasion of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. The phase Ⅱ is a multi-center study,The main goal is to evaluate the efficacy of IM19 CAR-T cells in the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory CD19-positive invasion of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
22254002|NCT02631044|"This is an open-label, multicenter Phase 1 study to determine the safety, pharmacokinetics (PK), and antitumor activity of JCAR017 in adult patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL), primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma (PMBCL), follicular lymphoma Grade 3B, and mantle cell lymphoma (MCL). This study will evaluate and refine the dose and schedule of JCAR017 to optimize safety and antitumor activity. A dose-confirmation group or groups will further evaluate the safety and efficacy of JCAR017 at the recommended regimen(s).~Upon successful generation of JCAR017 product, participants will receive treatment with one or more cycles of JCAR017 therapy. Each cycle will include lymphodepleting chemotherapy followed by one or two doses of JCAR017 administered by intravenous (IV) injection.~The follow-up period for each participant is approximately 24 months after the final JCAR017 infusion. Long-term follow-up for survival, toxicity, and viral vector safety will continue under a separate long-term follow-up protocol per health regulatory authority guidelines, currently up to 15 years after the last JCAR017 infusion."
22189130|NCT04923893|Multiple myeloma (MM) is a malignant plasma cell disorder characterized by the production of monoclonal immunoglobulin (Ig) proteins or protein fragments (M proteins) that have lost their function. JNJ-68284528 (ciltacabtagene autoleucel [cilta-cel]) is an autologous chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), a molecule expressed on the surface of mature B lymphocytes and malignant plasma cells. The primary hypothesis of this study is that in participants with newly diagnosed MM, treatment with VRd induction followed by a single administration of cilta-cel will significantly improve progression free survival compared to Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (VRd) induction followed by Rd maintenance. The study will screen participants with newly diagnosed MM who are not planned to receive autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) as initial therapy. This study will be conducted in 4 phases: Screening (up to 28 days), Pre-randomization Treatment, Treatment, and Follow-up. Assessments like patient-reported outcome(s) (PROs), electrocardiogram (ECG), vital signs and pharmacokinetics will be performed during the study. Safety evaluations will include review of adverse events, laboratory test results, vital sign measurements, physical examination findings, assessment of cardiac function, Immune-Effector Cell-Associated Encephalopathy (ICE) and handwriting assessments (only for Arm B) and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status. Safety data will be periodically reviewed by an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC). The duration of the study is approximately 12 years 5 months.
22375200|NCT05091541|Leukapheresis procedure will be performed to manufacture CT120. Bridging therapy is allowed between PBMC collection and lymphodepletion. Lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide was performed for three consecutive days. After 1-day rest, subjects will receive a single dose infusion of CT120. Subjects will be followed in the study for a minimum of 2 years after CT120 infusion. Long-term follow-up for lentiviral vector safety will be followed for up to 15 years after CT120 infusion.
22189161|NCT04662099|"Multiple myeloma(MM) is one of the most common hematological malignancies with substantial morbidity and mortality.~In recent years, several new therapies have prolonged survival of patients with MM, but it is still an incurable malignancy of plasma cells.~B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) is expressed by normal and malignant plasma cells and a small subset of B cells. This specific expression pattern makes BCMA an ideal target antigen for immunotherapies in MM.~BCMA-targeted chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells have exhibited significant efficacy in MM, but relapse due to single-target escape or poor in vivo persistence has been reported.~Dual-targets or sequential infusion have been proposed to reduce relapse and improve outcomes post BCMA-specific CAR T therapies.~CS1 is expressed on pro-B cells and plasma cells especially malignant ones and some evidence suggests it plays a role in stromal cell interaction in the BM tumour microenvironment.~We have constructed a bispecific CAR containing anti-CS1 single chain variable region (scFv) and an anti-BCMA scFv in 4-1BB-containing second-generation formats.~The bispecific CAR T cells have exhibited potent cytotoxicity in various BCMA+ or/and CS1+ MM cells and can effectively eradicate MM cells in xenograft mice models.~This study aims to evaluate prelimary safety and efficacy of the CS1&BCMA CAR T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory MM."
22189228|NCT04181827|Multiple myeloma is a malignant plasma cell disorder diagnosed annually in approximately 86,000 participants worldwide. JNJ-68284528 (cilta-cel) is an autologous chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), a molecule expressed on the surface of mature B lymphocytes and malignant plasma cells. The primary hypothesis for this study is that JNJ-68284528 (cilta-cel) will significantly improve progression free survival (PFS) compared with standard therapy (PVd or DPd), in participants who have previously received 1 to 3 prior line(s) of therapy, that included a proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an immunomodulatory drug (IMiD) and who are refractory to lenalidomide. This study will be conducted in 3 phases: Screening (up to 28 days before randomization), Treatment, and Follow-Up. Assessment like patient-reported outcome(s) (PROs) assessments, electrocardiogram (ECG), vital signs, pharmacokinetic will be performed during the study. Safety evaluations will include review of adverse events, laboratory test results, vital sign measurements, physical examination findings, and assessments of cardiac function, Immune Effector Cell-associated Encephalopathy (only for Arm B) and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status. Safety data will be periodically reviewed by an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC). The duration of the study is approximately 6 years.
22189233|NCT04133636|Multiple myeloma is characterized by the production of monoclonal immunoglobulin (Ig) proteins or protein fragments (M proteins) that have lost their function. The main aim of the study is to determine the safety and efficacy of JNJ-68284528 in various clinical settings. JNJ-68284528 is an autologous chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA). The study comprises of a Screening Phase (less than or equal to [<=] 28 days prior to apheresis) followed by Apheresis (will occur upon enrollment); a Treatment Phase including a conditioning regimen followed by infusion of JNJ-68284528 and post-infusion assessments from Day 1 to Day 100 (participants who receive an infusion of JNJ-68284528 should continue all subsequent assessments); and a Post-treatment Phase (Day 101 and up to the end of each study cohort). Safety evaluations will include a review of adverse events, laboratory test results, vital sign measurements, physical examination findings (including neurologic examination), assessment of cardiac function, immune effector cell-associated encephalopathy (ICE) score, handwriting assessment, and assessment of Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status grade. Efficacy evaluations will include measurements of tumor burden/residual disease, myeloma proteins, bone marrow examinations, skeletal surveys, extramedullary plasmacytomas, and serum calcium corrected for albumin. For certain participants (those without measurable disease in serum or urine) efficacy will be assessed via imaging: positron emission tomography/ computed tomography (PET/CT) or whole body magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The overall duration of the study is up to 2.5 years.
22254450|NCT04067414|"This is an open-label, multicenter, phase 1 study to determine the safety and antitumor activity of BZ019 in adult patients with R/R large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL),including: DLBCL, not otherwise specified (NOS), transformed DLBCL, high-grade B-cell lymphoma with MYC and BCL2 and/or BCL6 rearrangements and primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma (PMBCL).The safety and efficacy of a single dose of different target doses of BZ019 will be evaluated in the dose-escalation phase and dose-expansion phase.~Upon enrollment, subjects will undergo leukapheresis to enable BZ019 product generation. A baseline tumor biopsy (in subjects with accessible disease) and bone marrow aspirate and biopsy will be obtained.~Upon successful BZ019 product generation, subjects will enter the treatment phase and receive BZ019 infusion. A completed treatment program will include lymphodepleting chemotherapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (flu/cy) followed by single-dose of BZ019 infusion. BZ019 will be administered 2 to 14 days after the completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.~After the infusion of BZ019, subjects will be in the follow-up period upon 12 months for evaluation the safety and efficacy of BZ019. Subjects will be followed for long-term safety, overall survival even after disease progression."
22375349|NCT04981691|"This phase I study is being conducted to establish safety, pharmacokinetics, and preliminary efficacy of intravenous (IV) mRNA electroporated fully-humanized anti-MESO re-directed autologous T cell administration in patients with chemotherapy-refractory metastatic solid tumors.~The study will adopt the 3+3 dose escalation design exploring two doses of 1×109 and 3×109. The administration is planned to infuse 3 times a week for 2 consecutive weeks.~• The subjects will receive a total dose of 1x109 RNA transduced anti-MESO CAR-T cells in the first week, following lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day and fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day given over 3 days by intravenous infusion. If there is no obvious dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) after the first week of infusion, three times consecutive infusions of 1x109 anti-MESO CAR-T cells each time is planned in the second week. Each subject needs to be observed for at least 2 weeks (14 days) after completing the last infusion. Lymphodepleting chemotherapy will not be repeated prior to additional infusions of anti-MESO CAR-T cells."
22377131|NCT05030779|"Autoimmune diseases only show local pathological damage, but more often systemic lesions. If not diagnosed and treated in time or poorly controlled, a risk of disability or even death as the course of the disease progresses. Studies have shown that B cells can present their own antigens to autoimmune T cells to promote the release of inflammatory factors, or they can differentiate into plasma cells to release autoantibodies, and play an important role in the occurrence and progression of autoimmune diseases. In recent years, it has become a major research focus to deplete B cells in patients or inhibit B cell function. This research focuses on CAR-T cells killing B cells. In 2019, Kansal and others released their team's in vivo experiments to prove that CD19 CAR-T cells have achieved significant and long-lasting effects in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus. This fully reflects the application prospects of CAR-T cells in autoimmune diseases.~Based on the current research progress, our center intends to conduct research on the safety and effectiveness of CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in the treatment of refractory systemic lupus erythematosus."
22375475|NCT05106907|ThisCART19 cell is a non-gene-editing allogeneic CAR-T cell targeting CD19. This study is designed to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of ThisCART19 in patients with CD19 positive, relapsed and/or refractory non-Hodgkin's B cell lymphoma (r/r B-NHL).
22189682|NCT04723901|Prospectively evaluate the safety and effectiveness of CD19/CD22 dual-target CAR-T cells in the treatment of relapsed/refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Strictly follow the inclusion criteria to screen eligible subjects for inclusion in clinical trials. The selected patients received CD19/CD22 dual-target CAR-T cell therapy. After the treatment is over, follow-up regularly to determine the survival status and follow-up treatment.
22255966|NCT00889954|"The patient will give blood to grow T cells on either one to two separate occasions. Then, the EBV-specific T cells will be made. These cells will be grown and frozen. To get the HER2 antibody (and the CD28) and the DNR to attach to the surface of the EBV-T cells, the antibody gene and the DNR gene will be inserted into the EBV-T cell. This is done with two viruses called retroviruses that have been made for this study. One will carry the antibody gene into the T cell and the other the DNR gene.~When the patient is enrolled on the study, they will be assigned to a dose of HER2-DNR EBV-T cells. The subject will be given one dose of cells into the vein through an IV line. The injection will take between 1 and 10 minutes. The patient will be followed in the clinic after the injection for 1 to 4 hours. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital."
22122191|NCT05257083|"Multiple myeloma (MM) is a malignant plasma cell disorder characterized by the production of monoclonal immunoglobulin (Ig) proteins or protein fragments (M proteins) that have lost their function.~JNJ-68284528 (ciltacabtagene autoleucel [cilta-cel]) is an autologous chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) that is being evaluated to treat participants with multiple myeloma. The primary hypothesis is that in transplant-eligible participants with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma (NDMM), cilta-cel will significantly improve progression-free survival (PFS) and Sustained MRD-negative CR rate compared with Autologous Stem Cell Transplant (ASCT).~Approximately 750 participants (375 per arm) will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio into 2 arms."
22256017|NCT02541370|"I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD133 (cluster of differentiation antigen 133 ) vector (referred to as CART-133 cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-133 cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-133 TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to CART-133 cell infusions.~II. To determine if the CD137 transgene is superior to the TCR zeta only transgene as measured by the relative engraftment levels of CART-133 TCR zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~III. Estimate relative trafficking of CART-133 cells to tumor in bone marrow and lymph nodes.~IV. For patients with stored or accessible tumor cells determine tumor cell killing by CART-133 cells in vitro.~V. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD133, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-133 (loss of engraftment).~VI. Determine the relative subsets of CART-133 T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg)."
22313013|NCT04097301|"The study is a seamless Phase I/IIa, open-label, multicenter clinical trial that combines Phase I dose escalation based on toxicity with Phase IIa dose expansion based on antitumor activity. Considering the first in human nature of this clinical study, the Bayesian Optimal Interval Design (BOIN) has been chosen to minimize any risks of exposure to the novel CD44v6 CAR T-cells during dose escalation. The study population is made up of patients with relapsed/refractory AML or MM expressing CD44v6.~The medicinal product under investigation (MLM-CAR44.1 T-cells) is patient specific as it is prepared starting from lymphocytes of the patient collected through lymphocyte apheresis. These autologous T-cells are expanded in vitro in large numbers and genetically modified to express the CAR CD44v6ΔNL gene and thus acquire antitumor functions. As a safety feature, the MLM-CAR44.1 T-cells are genetically modified to also express the HSV-TK Mut2 gene (suicide gene), which can be selectively activated in case of severe toxicity through the administration of ganciclovir (GCV), leading to the death of proliferating CAR T-cells.~The aim of this study is to assess the safety, antitumor activity and feasibility of CD44v6 CAR T cell immunotherapy in AML and MM."
22122292|NCT05032820|After meeting the eligibility criteria and enrolling on the trial, patients will undergo leukapheresis for collection of autologous lymphocytes, which will be sent to BMS/Celgene manufacturing facilities. Once cells have been manufactured, patients will then proceed to lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide 300mg/m2 and fludarabine 30mg/m2 for 3 consecutive days followed by the infusion of BCMA CAR T-cells at a target dose of 450 x106 cells. Maintenance lenalidomide, starting at 10mg a day for 21 days of a 28-day cycle will be initiated at a minimum of at least 30 days, but no later than 180 days after the CAR T-cell infusion and will continue until the patient reaches 12 months post CAR T-cell infusion and continue free of progression
22122366|NCT04792489|A prospective, single arm, open label, multi-center, phase II study of autologous T cells engineered against both CD19 and CD20 antigens for subjects with relapsed or refractory DLBCL after receiving at least two lines of therapy. The investigational agent is the MB-CART2019.1 cells. After successful screening, subjects will undergo leukapheresis to collect product for manufacturing. In preparation for the fresh product infusion, subjects will undergo a lymphodepleting regimen with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, or bendamustine. Cell infusion will be administered intravenously at a dose of 2.5 x 106 CAR+ cells/kg body weight. The study will start with enrollment of 3 subjects in the lead-in safety phase, and after safety is evaluated, the study will continue with enrollment of the remaining subjects. Subjects will be followed for up to 2 years, for efficacy and safety outcomes as well as health-related quality of life (HRQol). Additional long-term follow-up will be conducted for participants under a separate long-term follow-up protocol.
22190086|NCT04655677|The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Apheresis, Baseline, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), EXP039 infusion and Follow-up Visit.
22190119|NCT04653493|"In this single-center, open-label, nonrandomized, no control, prospective clinical trial, pediatric or adolescent/young adult patients with CD19+ relapsed or refractory B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (R/R B-ALL) will be enrolled.~Eligible patients will receive CAR T product intravenously as a single or split dose following pre-conditioning by a lymphodepleting chemotherapeutic regimen and will then enter a 30-day follow-up period to monitor adverse events using the NCI CTCAE (version 5.0)."
22122476|NCT04467853|"This is a prospective, single-arm, open-label Phase 1 dose-finding and expansion study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and anti-tumor efficacy profiles of the cell-based LCAR-C18S (hereinafter LCAR-C18S) in subjects with Claudin18.2-positive advanced solid Tumors. Patients who meet the eligibility criteria will receive LCAR-C18S infusion. The study will include the following sequential phases: screening, pre-treatment , treatment and follow up"
22190186|NCT04637503|"Neuroblastoma is one of the most aggressive childhood tumors arising from neural crest cells. Nearly 50% of patients with high risk disease have poor long-term survival even after multimodal treatments. Novel immunotherapy targeting tumor-specific antigens has been developed to meet the desperate need.~Disialoganglioside (GD2) is a well-studied tumor associated antigen which is expressed uniformly in NB but restrictedly in normal tissue. Over the past few years, CAR-T therapy against GD2 in NB has achieved encouraging but modest outcomes. Only a fraction of patients achieved measurable responses. Like for many other solid tumors, CAR-T therapy for NB is not as effective as for hematologic malignancies.~In this study, the investigators use multiple targeting approach as the strategy to overcome the challenge in treating NB. Prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) is expressed in normal prostate but is upregulated in prostate tumor. However, PSMA expression is not restricted to prostate cancer. By immunohistochemistry (IHC) staining, the investigators confirmed that PSMA is expressed in a variety of solid tumors, including brain tumor, neuroblastoma and some lymphoma tumor tissues. Therefore, PSMA could potentially serve as a promising target for antigen-specific immunotherapy in patients with NB. In addition, CD276 (B7-H3) is an immune checkpoint molecule highly expressed on many solid tumors including NB. CD276 has been characterized to be involved in tumor evasion and thus its expression is correlated with poor prognosis. These characteristics make CD276 an attractive candidate for immunotherapy. Given the significant variation of tumor antigen expression among patients, the investigators aim to examine GD2, PSMA and CD276 expression in each patient's tumor sections by IHC staining, and combine two or three highly-expressed targets for the 4SCAR-T therapy. This individualized and multi-antigen-targeted approach is a new strategy to overcome the limited clinical outcome in the 4SCAR-T therapy against NB.~The purpose of this clinical study is to assess the feasibility, safety and efficacy of the combinational GD2, PSMA and CD276 4SCAR-T cell therapy against NB. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the function of the multi-4SCAR-T cells and their persistency in the patients."
22313415|NCT04385173|"Background~B7-H3 is expressed in 70% of patients with glioblastoma~B7-H3 is not expressed in normal tissues especially not in central nervous system. Therefore, it is an attractive GBM target for CAR-T therapy~The investigators constructed a retroviral vector encoding a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) targeting B7-H3, which can mediate CAR transfer into patient T cells with high efficiency.~Objectives~To evaluate the safety and tolerability intratumoral/intracerebroventricular injection of B7-H3 CAR-T when used in between Temozolomide cycles~To compare the overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) of R/R GBM patients treated with B7-H3 CAR-T in between Temozolomide cycles to the historical Temozolomide data~To access the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of B7-H3 CAR-T in between Temozolomide cycles~Design~Patients autologous T cells are activated and transduced with retrovirus containing B7-H3 CAR. CAR-T cells are expanded ex vivo and infused back to patients via intratumoral or intracerebroventricular injection through an Ommaya catheter. 3 injections of CAR-T are planned at two different doses with 1-2 weeks intervals. The CAR-T injections occur in between Temozolomide (TMZ) cycles. Temozolomide treatment in the cycle of CAR-T injections will be stopped and resumed next cycle. Patients may receive additional CAR-T cycles at the discretion of the principal investigator and oncologist."
22313515|NCT03706547|"Primary Objectives~1. To determine the feasibility ad safety of anti-CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in treating patients with BCMA-positive multiple myeloma.~Secondary Objectives~To access the efficacy of anti-CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in patients with multiple myeloma.~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of anti-CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells."
22171953|NCT01818323|Further information is provided in van Schalkwyk MC, Papa SE, Jeannon JP, Guerrero Urbano T, Spicer JF, Maher J. Design of a phase I clinical trial to evaluate intratumoral delivery of ErbB-targeted chimeric antigen receptor T-cells in locally advanced or recurrent head and neck cancer. Hum Gene Ther Clin Dev. 2013 Sep;24(3):134-42. doi: 10.1089/humc.2013.144. PubMed ID: 24099518
22313726|NCT04640909|"This is a biological study aimed at analyzing the features of CAR T cells generated in CLL patients treated with ibrutinib or venetoclax.~To this purpose, blood samples will be collected from patients with CLL before starting therapy with ibrutinib or venetoclax and after 6 and 12 months of treatment.~Anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be generated and tested for: (i) viability, expansion and generation efficiency; (ii) phenotypic characteristics, in terms of CD4/CD8 composition, differentiation subset distribution, exhaustion markers and expression of immune checkpoint molecules; (iii) in vitro functional properties, in terms of proliferation ability, cytokines production, cytotoxic activity and killing of target cells. CAR T cells produced from the same patient at different timepoints will be compared. Phenotypic and functional data on CAR T cells will be also correlated with main CLL prognostic factors (e.g. IGHV mutational status, FISH abnormalities, TP53 mutation status) and outcome variables (response status, duration of response)."
22313817|NCT01192464|"The EBV CTLs will be made for specific patients. First blood will be collected from the patient and then the the CD30 chimeric-EBV CTLs will be created in the lab. The cells will then be grown and frozen for the patient.~To get the CD30 antibody to attach to the surface of the T cell, the lab will insert the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. Because the patient will have received cells with a new gene in them they will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~When the patient is enrolled on this study, they will be assigned to one of the following dose levels of CD30 chimeric receptor-EBV CTLs.~2×10^7 cells/m2~5x10^7 cells/m2~1×10^8 cells/m2~The dose level of cells that they will receive will not be based on a medical determination of what is best for them, instead the dose is based on the order in which the patient enrolls on the study relative to other participants. Subjects enrolled earlier in the study will receive a lower dose of cells than those enrolled later in the study. The risks of harm and discomfort from the study treatment may bear some relationship to the dose level. The potential for direct benefit, if any, may also vary with the dose level. To enroll on this study they will need to have recovered from toxic effects of previous chemotherapy for at least one week and not be receiving any other investigational agents. Patients cannot have received any tumor vaccines within the previous six weeks."
22376835|NCT04429451|"Prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) is expressed in normal prostate and is upregulated in prostate tumor. Therefore, PSMA is a promising target for antigen-specific immunotherapy in patients with prostate cancer. However, it has been reported that PSMA expression is not restricted to prostate cancer and PSMA is often enriched in the tumor stromal environment. By immunostaining, we found that PSMA is expressed in a variety of solid tumors, including brain tumor, neuroblastoma and some lymphoma tumor tissues.~This study aims to use T cells obtained directly from the patient, which can be genetically modified to express PSMA-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CAR). The CAR molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells or tumor stromal tissues through the recognition of a surface antigen, PSMA. This study will evaluate the side effects and the best dose of anti-PSMA CAR-T cells to target PSMA positive tumors and tumor microenvironment."
22122801|NCT02690545|"STUDY OBJECTIVES~Primary Objective (Phase Ib portion of Study) To establish a safe dose (ie, number cells/m2) of ATLCAR.CD30 to infuse after lymphodepletion with bendamustine in adult patients with CD30+ refractory/relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).~To establish a safe dose (ie, number cells/m2) of ATLCAR.CD30 to infuse after lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine in pediatric patients with CD30+ refractory/relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).~Primary Objective (Phase II portion of study) To estimate 2 year progression free survival (PFS) after administration of ATLCAR.CD30 in combined adult/pediatric patients with CD30+ refractory/relapsed HL and NHL~Secondary Objectives~To estimate 2 year overall survival (OS) after administration of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL following lymphodepletion with bendamustine in adult patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL.~To estimate 2 year OS after administration of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL following lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine in adult and pediatric patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL.~To estimate 2 year PFS after administration of ATLCAR.CD30 following lymphodepletion with bendamustine in adult patients with CD30+ refractory/relapsed HL and NHL.~To estimate 2 year PFS after administration of ATLCAR.CD30 following lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine in adult and pediatric patients with CD30+ refractory/relapsed HL and NHL.~To estimate the objective response rate as defined by the Lugano Classification78 for CAR.CD30 transduced ATL following lymphodepletion with bendamustine when administered in adult patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL.~To estimate the objective response rate as defined by the Lugano Classification78 for CAR.CD30 transduced ATL following lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine when administered in adult and pediatric patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL.~To estimate duration of response after administration of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL following lymphodepletion with bendamustine in adult patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL~To estimate duration of response after administration of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL following lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine in adult and pediatric patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL~To further describe the adverse events associated with CAR.CD30 transduced ATL when administered in adult and pediatric patients with CD30+ relapsed/refractory HL and NHL.~To evaluate the safety of bendamustine alone or combined with fludarabine as lymphodepleting agents prior to infusion of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL in adult patients.~To evaluate the safety of bendamustine and fludarabine as lymphodepleting agents prior to infusion of CAR.CD30 transduced ATLs in pediatric patients.~To measure the survival of ATLCAR.CD30 in vivo when infused after lymphodepletion with bendamustine.~To measure the survival of ATLCAR.CD30 in vivo when infused after lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine.~To measure patient-reported symptom, physical function, and health-related quality of life at baseline and over time in adult patients treated with CAR.CD30 T cells.~Primary Endpoint (Phase Ib)~Toxicity will be classified and graded according to the National Cancer Institute's Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version 4.0) and Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) toxicity will be graded according to the CRS Management Guidelines and CRS Toxicity Grading Scale~Primary Endpoint (Phase II)~PFS is defined from day of ATLCAR.CD30 infusion to relapse (in patients with a documented complete response at time of cell infusion) or progression (in patients without complete response at time of cell infusion), or death as a result of any cause per the Lugano classification~Secondary Endpoints~Overall survival will be measured from the date of administration of CAR.CD30 transduced ATL to date of death and will be measured separately in subjects receiving bendamustine alone for lymphodepletion and those receiving a combination of bendamustine and fludarabine for lymphodepletion.~Progression free survival is defined from day of ATLCAR.CD30 infusion to relapse (in patients with a documented complete response at time of cell infusion) or progression (in patients without complete response at time of cell infusion), or death as a result of any cause per the Lugano classification78 and will be measured separately in subjects receiving bendamustine alone for lymphodepletion and those receiving a combination of bendamustine and fludarabine for lymphodepletion.~The objective response rate will be defined as the rate of complete responses (CR) + partial responses (PR) as determined by the Lugano classification78 and will be measured separately in subjects receiving bendamustine alone for lymphodepletion and those receiving a combination of bendamustine and fludarabine for lymphodepletion.~The duration of response will be defined as time from documentation of tumor response to disease progression and will be measured separately in subjects receiving bendamustine alone for lymphodepletion and those receiving a combination of bendamustine and fludarabine for lymphodepletion.~Toxicity will be classified and graded according to the National Cancer Institute's Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version 4.0). S~Persistence of CAR.CD30 T cells in vivo will be determined by quantitative PCR and flow cytometry in peripheral blood samples and will be measured separately in subjects receiving bendamustine alone for lymphodepletion and those receiving a combination of bendamustine and fludarabine for lymphodepletion.~For adult patients: Patient reported symptoms will be measured using selected symptoms from the NCI PRO-CTCAE. Patient-reported physical function will be measured using the PROMIS Physical Function Score derived from the PROMIS Physical Function Short Form 20a v1.0. Patient-reported health-related quality of life will be measured using the PROMIS Global Health Score derived from the PROMIS Global Health Short Form v1.0-1.1.~OUTLINE~Cell Procurement~Up to 100 mL per collection (up to 3 collections) of peripheral blood will be obtained from patients for cell procurement. In patients with low (CD3 count as assayed by flow cytometry less than 200/μl) T-cell count in the peripheral blood, a leukopheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient T cells. The parameters for pheresis will be 2 blood volumes.~ATLCAR.CD30 Cells Administration~ATLCAR.CD30 cells will be administered as described below 1-14 days (preferably 1-2 days) after lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine. ATLCAR.CD30 cells will be given by a licensed provider (oncology nurse or physician) via intravenous injection over 1-10 minutes through either a peripheral or a central line. The expected volume will be 1-50cc. Patients with a partial response or stable disease at 6 weeks may receive a second infusion of ATLCAR.CD30 if cells are available. Note: Lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine will occur for three consecutive days and may be given prior to a second infusion of cells (if applicable).~Duration of Therapy~Therapy in Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center (LCCC) 1532 involves 1-2 infusions of ATLCAR.CD30 cells. Treatment with one infusion will be administered unless:~Patient decides to withdraw from study treatment, OR~General or specific changes in the patient's condition render the patient unacceptable for further treatment in the judgment of the investigator.~Duration of Follow-up~Patients will be followed for up to 15 years for Replication Competent Retrovirus (RCR) evaluation or until death, whichever occurs first. Patients removed from study for unacceptable adverse events will be followed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse event."
22377003|NCT05043571|A major obstacle to the development of effective CAR T-cells for T-cell malignancies is that the surface marker profile of malignant T-cells largely overlaps that of activated T lymphocytes. We developed a CAR T-cell approach that targets CD7, a T-cell marker highly expressed in all cases of T-cell ALL, including ETP-ALL. Its expression is also highly stable even in T-ALL cells exposed to chemotherapy. To prevent fratricide effect of the T cells, surface CD7 expression are effectively downregulated with the expression of an anti-CD7 Protein Expression Blocker (PEBL). Patients will receive anti-CD7 PEBL CART-cells. This will allow targeting the entire leukemia cell population to induce deeper and more durable remissions.
22257296|NCT03825718|The aim of this study is to evaluate the safety and tolerance of GC007F CAR-T cell immunotherapy in relapsed or refractory B-ALL. The study will include 20 subjects to receive GC007F therapy.
22123130|NCT05577091|"The autologous Tris-CAR-T cell, targeting both CD44 and CD133, the two inverse correlated targets, introduced truncated IL7Ra to the intracellular domain of CAR molecule, has shown ideal survival and tumor suppression in our previous studies. The cells will be tested for safety and kinetics in this clinical trial.~All patients are required to have an Ommaya reservoir in tumor resection cavity prior to CAR-T cell infusion. Ommaya reservoir placement is done by a surgery.~Autologous Tris-CAR-T cell will be manufactured via CliniMACS Instrument (Miltenyi Biotec). Cells will be frozen and stored to infuse to the patients. Each infusion will take between 5 and 10 minutes. We will then monitor the patient in the hospital for at least 3 days post the first dose of infusion. If the first infusion is tolerated well and the patient is assigned to multidose group, a second infusion may be given 7 days after the initial infusion and patient will be monitored in the hospital for no longer than 1 day. And the subsequent infusion will be done in the same manner. The treatment will be given by the Department of neurosurgery, Beijing Tiantan hospital. If patient is receiving a single dose of the cells, the patient will be monitored at least 3 days after the infusion. Patients assigned to multidose group will be needed to stay in Beijing for up to 8 weeks from the first infusion so we can monitor for side effects and will be readmitted to the hospital if patient develops a fever. If patient develops severe fevers after discharge from the hospital, patient will be readmitted to the hospital for close monitoring for at least one night during safety observation Patients receive single dose infusion will have follow-up visits at weeks 2, 3, 4, then at months 3, 6,9 post infusion. Patients receive multiple dose infusion will have follow-up visits at week 2, then at months 1, 3post infusion. All patients receive long-term twice a year for a total of 15 years.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam~Blood routine, serum biochemical test, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the tumor by routine MRI~Medical tests during and after treatment--~The patient will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and afterwards:~Physical exams~Blood routine, serum biochemical test, kidney and liver function, serum and (or) cerebrospinal fluid analysis~Measurements of the tumor by MRI. Cerebrospinal fluid may be drawn from the patient's existing Ommaya reservoir preferentially, or via lumbar puncture before each infusion and at each time of follow-up. This procedure can be done at the bedside under local anesthesia and about 1ml of cerebrospinal fluid will be removed. Additional cerebrospinal fluid may be removed when intracranial hypertension occurs or other clinical needs.~To learn more about pharmacokinetics of autologous Tris-CAR-T cell, peripheral blood will be obtained simultaneously with cerebrospinal fluid collection. The amount of blood taken will be based on clinical need, for approximately 5 mL each time.~If the tumor samples of the patients are obtained, we will request a sample to be used for research purposes.~The patient will receive supportive care for any acute or chronic cytotoxicity, including blood components, cytokine antagonist, glucocorticoid, antibiotics, and other intervention as appropriate."
22314418|NCT03671460|In this single-center, open-label, nonrandomized, no control, prospective clinical trial, no less than 18 CD19+ B-cell relapsed or refractory acute B-cell lymphoblastic leukemia (R/R B-ALL) patients will be enrolled. Side effects of CD19 CAR T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19 CAR T cells therapy in patients with R/R B-ALL.
22257744|NCT05201781|Cilta-cel (JNJ-68284528/LCAR-B38M chimeric antigen receptor T-cells [CAR-T]) is an autologous CAR-T therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), a molecule expressed on the surface of mature B lymphocytes and malignant plasma cells. There will be no treatment administered during the study and the data obtained from this study will help to assess whether there will be long-term cilta-cel-related toxicities. The study will consist of 2 phases: within the first 5 years after receiving the last dose of cilta-cel and Year 6 to 15 years after last dose of cilta-cel. Safety evaluations will include a review of adverse events, laboratory test results, and physical examination findings (including neurological examination). The duration of the study is up to 15 years after last dose of cilta-cel and participants will be followed at least once per year.
22314604|NCT03464916|All subjects who received investigational CAR-T therapy will be included in the analyses and summaries of safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic assessments.
22377379|NCT05290155|This study is single-armed，open lable，dose escalation clinical trial.The main purpose is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of anti-CD7 CAR-T cells in relapsed/refractory patients with CD7 positive T cell malignancies,including T lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukemia ,T-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma(peripheral T cell lymphoma,NOS,angioimmunoblastic T cell lymphoma and anaplastic large cell lymphoma).There will be three CAR T cell dose groups:0.5*10^6 cells per kilogram of body weight;1*10^6 cells per kilogram of body weight，2 *10^6 ells per kilogram of body weight.
22314681|NCT03661554|The aim of this study is to study the safety and efficacy of BCMA nanoantibody CAR-T in the treatment of MM. BCMA CAR is composed of BCMA nano-antibody, CD8 strand region, transmembrane region and 4-1BB costimulatory domain, and CD3-_T cell activation domain. BCMA nano-antibody CAR-T cells were prepared by lentivirus infection of T cells. In this study, a 3 + 3 dose gradient climbing design was used. Three dosage groups, 5x106 / kg, 1x107 / kg and 1.5x107 / kg, were divided into three groups. Patients were enrolled in the sequence from low to high doses. When each dose group was completed, the next dose group could be enrolled if there was no more than 3-level toxicity or unpredictable severe toxicity. If the dose group had more than 3-level toxicity or unpredictable severe toxicity, two patients were enrolled to observe if there was any toxicity. Sexual occurrence, if two patients in each group developed grade 3 or more toxicity or unpredictable severe toxicity, the dose group was the dose-limiting group, and the dose group in front of the group was the maximum tolerated dose, at which the initial efficacy was observed. Nine patients were enrolled in the hill climbing test, and six patients were enrolled in the follow-up preliminary efficacy study, with an estimated 15 enrolled. After transfusion, adverse events were closely monitored and therapeutic effects were evaluated on the 28th day after transfusion. Follow-up was conducted every 6 weeks within 6 months and every 10 weeks after 6 months. To evaluate the safety and efficacy of BCMA nano antibody CAR-T in the treatment of refractory and relapsed MM.
22377553|NCT05281809|"On this study the following procedures are sequentially performed: eligibility determination and informed consent; cell collection by apheresis; CAR T-cell manufacturing and lymphodepleting chemotherapy all followed by CAR T-cell infusion on day 0. The first 3 subjects will be followed in hospital from day 0 until +14 for cytokine release syndrome (CRS), immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) and other toxicity. The Principal Investigator (PI) and two physicians not affiliated with the study (G. Scott Long, MD, PhD, and Gene Finley, MD) will review the outcome of the first three patients to assure the interim analysis meets criteria for continuing accrual. This analysis will be submitted to the Institutional Review Board (IRB) prior to continuing with accrual. The toxicity profile of the first three subjects will be scrutinized. Should toxicity be minimal with CRS ≤ 2 and ICANS grade ≤ 1 then the PI might propose modification to hospitalization between days 0 and +14 according to comparison with prior experience with commercially available product. A protocol amendment would be submitted in this case. Should no CAR T-cell related toxicity be identified on day +15, the subject will be discharged from the hospital and followed in the Medical Short Stay Unit (or designated substitute inpatient unit) daily to day 30. At the discretion of the Investigator (based upon each subject's medical condition or status), this follow-up could be reduced to thrice weekly basis (e.g. Monday-Wednesday-Friday). CAR T-cell monitoring by flow cytometry will occur on day +30 and day +100. Response will be assessed at day +30 and the subject will be discharged for outpatient follow up. Response will be assessed monthly by clinical examination to day +100 and then every 3 months to day +730. Thereafter, clinical follow up will occur every 6 months to five years and then yearly up to 15 years, or until death (whichever occurs first). All subjects treated on this study must consent to reporting of de-identified data to the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplantation Research (CIBMTR). (See Table 1: Schedule of Study Procedures, Figure 1: Study Diagram, Table 2: Laboratory Investigation and Table 3: Response Evaluation for details of study conduct.) The clinical care of subjects enrolled on this study is entirely within the standard of care employed for patients who receive commercial product. There are no drugs, surgical procedures, radiological investigations, laboratory tests or examinations that are considered experimental except for a peripheral blood sample to detect CAR T-cells (by flow cytometry) and the actual production/manufacture of CAR T-cells occurring in the local Cell Processing Laboratory.~For this reason, the intent of this protocol is to ensure that the standard of care is strictly followed as outlined in the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) documents, screenshots and documents included in the appendix of this document. Thus, patients receiving commercial product and those treated on this protocol should receive the same supportive care. In addition to immune effector cells, these documents often describe methods and cellular therapy products not relevant to this investigation and for our purpose these sections can be ignored."
22377586|NCT04796441|"Main purpose: To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of universal CAR-γδT cell injection in the treatment of patients with relapsed AML after transplantation~Secondary purpose: to investigate the in vivo dynamics characteristics of universal CAR-γδT cells after infusion and explore reasonable therapeutic doses through climbing tests in different dose groups."
22258200|NCT04008394|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells (CAR-T cells) have the capabilities to recognize tumor associated antigen and kill tumor cells specifically. CD30 is originally described as a marker of Hodgkin's and R-S cells in Hodgkin's lymphoma. CD30 antibody has been applied to treat lymphocyte derived malignancies. To explore the potency of CD30 in CAR-T therapy, this trial is designed and conducted to test the safety and efficacy of CD30-targeted CAR-T in Refractory/Relapsed lymphocyte malignancies.
22377590|NCT04796675|"Anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy has shown remarkable clinical efficacy in B-cell cancers. However, CAR T cells can induce substantial toxic effects, and the manufacture of the cells is complex. Natural killer (NK) cells that have been modified to express an anti-CD19 CAR have the potential to overcome these limitations.~Cord blood(CB) derived NK cells from healthy donor are the source for production of CAR-NK-CD19 cells. CB derived NK cells are purified and transduced with a retroviral vector encoding the anti-CD19 CAR and interleukin-15.~This is an investigational study. The objectives are to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-NK-CD19 cells in patients with CD19+ B-cell malignancies."
22377594|NCT04803929|"Our group has developed a novel anti-ILT3 CAR T cell therapy, and this pilot study is focused on the safety and efficacy of the anti-ILT3 CAR-T for R/R AML(M4/M5) patients. A total of 25 subjects are intravenously adminstered with anti-ILT3 CAR-T cells. The dosages of CAR-T cells follow the 3+3 dose increment program."
22314910|NCT03318861|Participants with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, ECG and echocardiogram of the heart, brain MRI, and blood draws. Eligible participants have white blood cells collected by leukapheresis. These cells are genetically modified to make the experimental treatment KITE-585. Participants receive conditioning chemotherapy prior to the KITE-585 infusion. After the KITE-585 infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of KITE-585 on their myeloma. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized and/or in the outpatient setting. Subjects who received an infusion of KITE-585 will complete the remainder of the 15 year follow-up assessments in a separate long-term follow-up study, KT-US-982-5968
22258291|NCT05277987|"Single Site, single arm and open label design are adopted. The dose increment is based on the traditional 3 + 3 method, and the initial dose is set to 0.5 × 10^6 car-t cells / kg, and 3 ~ 6 subjects are expected to be included in each dose group. DLT was observed within 28 days after infusion. One suject of each dose group was enrolled first, and there was no DLT within 14 days before entering the next subject. If the subject had DLT within 14 days, the investigator can evaluate whether the dose group continued to be enrolled and the time interval of the next subject. After completing the safety observation of 3 subjects who meet the DLT evaluation and analysis set in each dose group, they can be increased to the next dose when there is no DLT; If one subject in the first three cases has DLT, another three subjects need to be selected into the dose group (but the researcher can also decide whether to continue to be selected into the dose group according to the actual situation of the subjects). In the process of dose increase, if DLT occurs in ≥ 2 / 3 or ≥ 2 / 6 subjects in a dose group, the dose increase stops."
22314952|NCT05420493|This is a single-center, single-arm, open-label study. After meeting the eligibility criteria and enrolling on the trial, patients will undergo leukapheresis for collection of autologous lymphocytes. Once cells have been manufactured, patients will then proceed to lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine for 1-2 consecutive days followed by the infusion of CAR T-cells at a target dose of 3-10x105 cells/kg.
22377750|NCT04790747|This is a prospective, single arm study. To evaluate the safety and efficacy of sequential radiotherapy with CAR-T cells in the treatment of relapsed and refractory hematological malignancies with extramedullary lesions. The main endpoints were dose limiting toxicity (DLT) and incidence of adverse events (TEAEs).
22377878|NCT05474885|"Systemic lupus erythematous (SLE) is a chronic diffuse connective tissue disease with unexplained etiology that can involve multiple systems in the body. SLE is considered as an incurable disease and traditional SLE treatment aims at long-term remission. Glucocorticoids combined with immunosuppressive agents are still the main treatment strategies. Recently, biological agents targeting abnormal immune cells, such as rituximab and belimumab, which deplete B cells have also achieved some success in the treatment of SLE. However, these agents cannot permanently reverse the production of abnormal antibodies as they are unable to eliminate pathogenic long-lived plasma cells. The BCMA-CD19 CAR T-cells are designed to deplete antibody-producing 'root, B cells and plasma cells."
22258590|NCT05306080|"This pilot, open-label trial will allow for co-enrollment of subjects participating in University of Pennsylvania-Sponsored, CCI-Initiated CAR T cell studies. As utilization of this investigational drug may be required emergently in the event of qualifying safety events post CAR T cell infusion, subjects may be consented/enrolled at the time they receive an investigational CAR T cell product. If/when use of this investigational drug is deemed clinically necessary, rescue therapy may then be initiated.~Cohort 1: Will allow for the use of Tadekinig alfa, an interleukin-18 binding protein that binds and neutralizes IL-18. IL-18 is a key mediator in systemic inflammatory conditions such as MAS/HLH, which may contribute to the severity of CAR T cell-related cytokine release syndrome (CRS) and HLH-like syndrome (CRHLS) and impact response to standard therapy. In addition, subjects experiencing other IL-18 driven toxicity post CAR T cell therapy which is non-responsive to conventional treatment may also receive rescue therapy with Tadekinig alfa as per clinical discretion."
22377970|NCT04433221|Patients with late staged and/or recurrent sarcoma have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy. Therefore, innovative interventions are needed. Sarcoma is known to express increased levels of surface antigens that can be targeted by CAR-T cells. In addition, studies have shown that low dose chemotherapy such as doxorubicin may modulate surface PD-L1 level and enhance immunotherapy effects. This study will combine multiple CAR T cells with low dose chemotherapy to treat sarcoma, and followed by maintenance sarcoma vaccines. The purpose of this clinical trial will assess the feasibility, safety, efficacy and side effects of this combination therapy in patients who have sarcoma that is relapsed or late staged.
22123891|NCT04450069|CLBR001 + SWI019 is a two-component therapy comprising an autologous chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cell product (CLBR001, the switchable CAR-T cell (sCAR-T)) and an anti-CD19 (cluster of differentiation antigen 19) antibody (SWI019, the switch, a biologic). In combination, SWI019 acts as an adapter molecule that controls the activity of the CLBR001 CAR-T cell product.
22378051|NCT05412329|"This is a single-arm, non-randomized, open-label study to evaluate the RP2D of GC012F injection in patients with Relapsed/Refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM).~Approximately 6-9 eligible patients will be enrolled in escalating dosing cohorts to evaluate the RP2D of GC012F injection. Pts will be enrolled concurrently and assessed for ORR and DLT in respective dosing cohort. Based on this assessment the RP2D will be confirmed.~Table1 Dose Level Dose Level DL-1 DL1 DL2 Dose 1×105 /kg 2×105 /kg 3×105 /kg Patients who signed the informed consent will be screened for inclusion/exclusion criteria, and 3 eligible subjects will be enrolled in DL1.~After the DLT observation period of 21 days, if ≤1 of the first 3 subjects has a DLT event, 3 additional subjects will be enrolled in DL1.~- ORR will be assessed at prespecified timepoints up to 24-weeks post treatment.~A. If ORR > 66%, the study concludes and respective dose level will be determined as RP2D B. If ORR≤66%, 3 subjects will be enrolled in DL2~If > 1 of the 3 enrolled subjects has a DLT event, 3 more subjects will be enrolled in the lower dose level~2. During the DLT observation period, if > 1 of the first 3 subjects has a DLT event, 3 subjects will be enrolled in DL-1 to evaluate safety.~Patients in each dose group will be closely observed for at least 21 days post GCO12F infusion for DLT. Safety and DLT will be assessed by SMC according to definition of protocol for DLT. There will be no fixed dose interval between each dose level and each patient within the dose cohort. In addition, after one year of infusion, patients will be rolled over to a protocol for long-term safety to assess risk of RCL and lentivirus insert in vivo.~This study will be divided into six parts: screening, apheresis, baseline assessment, lymphodeleption, CAR-T cell infusion, and follow-up. Eligible patients will be apheresed and infused after CAR-T product release, patients will receive a 3-days standard F/C chemotherapy regimen for lymphodeleption. The recommend regimens for chemotherpay are as follows~FC regimen:~Fludarabine 30 mg/m2/d, iv gtt for 3 days;~Cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/d, iv for 3 days. GC012F infusion will be performed at 48-72 hours after chemotherapy pretreatment.~After GC012F infusion, subjects will be followed for safety and efficacy up to 1 year, or disease progression, death or withdrawal whichever comes earlier. In case of progression of disease,subsequent survival follow-up (survival state only) will be performed every 84 days (12 weeks) ± 14 days (2 weeks) till death,loss of follow up, or withdraw of consent. If there is no disease progression after 1 year of infusion, the same follow-up for survival will be carried out as mentioned above. End of this study will be 1 year after the last patient received infusion with GC012F.~All patients who complete the study, as well as those who discontinue from the study after receiving GC012F for reasons other than death, will be asked to participate in a 15 years follow-up study to monitor RCL and lentivirus insert sites in vivo."
22315691|NCT04384393|This is a single-center, nonrandomized, open-label study to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of ThisCART19 in patients with refractory or relapsed CD19 positive B cell malignancies, such as acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, lymphoma and etc. The dose range is 0.2-60 x 10^6 cells per kg body weight.
22124077|NCT03186118|This pilot study seeks to examine the feasibility and safety of administering T cell antigen presenting cells (T-APCs) designed to reactivate and numerically expand CD19-specific CAR T cells. The underlying hypothesis to be examined is that after remission is achieved with CAR T cell treatment, the duration, magnitude, and activation state of persisting memory CAR T cells impact on the potential for durable leukemia eradication. This is of particular relevance in two groups of patients we have identified: those who are predicted to lose persistence of their CAR T cells before Day 63, and those who have definitively lost persistence of CAR T cells prior to 6 months. By providing these patients with episodic exposure to T-APCs capable of activating CD19-specific CAR T cells for proliferation and redistribution to tissue beds where tumor cells of ALL seed, ideally over several months following remission induction, it is posited that the incidence of disease relapse will be diminished.
22124148|NCT02028455|"Upon meeting the eligibility requirements and enrolling on study, subjects will undergo apheresis to obtain the T cells for the generation of the CD19 CAR+ T cells. In patients with a prior history of allogeneic HCT, the T cells obtained are of donor origin. The T cells are isolated from the apheresis product, the CD4 and CD8 T cells are then selected and grown separately, transduced with a lentivirus to express the CD19 CAR as well as a truncated EGFR that has no signaling capacity (noted EGFRt) and expanded in culture over a three week period. During the process of cell generation, subjects will continue to be cared for by their primary oncologist and may undergo additional treatment directed at the leukemia during this time.~After the CAR+ T cells have been generated, the subject undergoes a disease assessment and determination if lymphodepletion is necessary. A variety of lymphodepletion strategies are acceptable and determined on a case by case basis. At least 48 hours after the completion of lymphodepletion, the subject will receive and infusion of CAR+ T cells at an approximate 1:1 ratio of CD4 to CD8 CAR+ T cells.~Following treatment with the CAR+ T cells, subjects will be followed intensely for 2 months with serial blood testing and re-evaluation of disease status with bone marrow aspirates. After 2 months, the subjects clinical care will be resumed by their primary oncologist, and it is possible that they would receive additional chemotherapy or HCT.~Some subjects will receive cetuximab for ablation of the genetically modified T cells. Criteria to receive cetuximab include acute toxicities that are life threatening, as well as an ongoing remission with continued B cell aplasia.~Upon completion of the study, subjects will be followed bi-annually for 5 years, and then annually for 10 additional years with either a medical history, physical exam and blood tests or a phone call/questionnaire. This follow up will help to determine if the subject develops any long-term health problems related to the CAR+ T cells including a new cancer."
22124165|NCT01683279|"Upon meeting the eligibility requirements and enrolling on study, subjects will undergo a blood draw to obtain the T cells for the generation of the CD19 CAR+ T cells. The T cells are isolated from the blood, transduced with a lentivirus to express the CD19 CAR, and expanded in culture over a three week period. During the process of cell generation, subjects will continue to be cared for by their primary oncologist and may undergo additional treatment directed at the leukemia during this time.~After the CAR+ T cells have been generated, the subject undergoes a disease assessment and will be admitted to the hospital to receive 2 days of cyclophosphamide for lymphodepletion and reduction of disease burden. Several days later, the subject will receive an infusion of the CAR+ T cells.~Following treatment with the CAR+ T cells, subjects will be intensely followed for 6 weeks with serial blood testing and re-evaluation of disease status with bone marrow aspirates. After 6 weeks, the subjects clinical care will be resumed by their primary oncologist, and it is possible that they would receive additionally chemotherapy or a stem cell transplant.~Upon completion of the study, subjects will be followed at least annually with a either a medical history, physical exam and blood tests or a phone call/questionnaire for 15 years. This follow up will help to determine if the subject develops any long-term health problems related to the CAR+ T cells including a new cancer."
22315797|NCT04176913|This study is an open, dose escalation/dose regimen finding study to assess the safety and pharmacokinetics of donor-derived CD20-directed CAR-T cells administered with lymphodepletion, and to obtain the preliminary efficacy results in subjects who have been diagnosed with relapsed or refractory CD20 positive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, follicular lymphoma, mantle cell lymphoma or small lymphocytic lymphoma. The allo-CAR-T cells will be infused in single-dose.
22124324|NCT05651100|Although the CD19 targeted CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant results in patients with relapsed and refractory B-cell Leukemia and Lymphoma. There are some patients who resisted anti-CD19 CAR-T cells or get CD19 negative relapse. To make further improvement, We launch such a clinical trial using sequential CD19 and CD22 targeted CAR-T cells for patients with relapsed and refractory B Cell Lymphoma to evaluate the efficacy and safety of sequential CD19 and CD22 targeted CAR-T cell therapy.
22191741|NCT04666168|A single car consists of scFv, hinge region, transmembrane region, costimulatory domain and zeta subunit of CD3.Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.
22191756|NCT04665076|A single car consists of scFv, hinge region, transmembrane region, costimulatory domain and zeta subunit of CD3.Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.
22191820|NCT04661020|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for elderly patients with CD19+ non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 36 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22378540|NCT03060343|The purpose of this first in human study is to determine the safety and feasibility of Zeushield Cytotoxic T Lymphocytes(Z-CTLs) in patients with relapsed or refractory NSCLC. Z-CTLs therapy is a novel immunotherapy under investigation in which patients have their T-cells (a type of white blood cell) collected and modified in the laboratory, before they are given back to the patient. The T-cells are modified to transform the intracellular signal domain of PD-1 and CTLA-4 to immune activation stimulus signal and transform T cells to a new kind of cancer-killer cells: zeushield cytotoxic T lymphocytes (Z-CTls).
22124900|NCT05616468|"The researchers designed a single arm, open, exploratory study to improve the 3+3 dose escalation. The maximum dose or the best effective dose shall be determined according to the subject and dose increasing test to verify the safe and effective number of cells per unit weight. The improved 3+3 dose increasing design was adopted, and BGT007 cells were set with 5 dose groups that were gradually increased for treatment evaluation. The dose groups were 5.0 × 10^5cells/kg，1.0 × 10^6cells/kg，3.0 × 10^6cells/kg，6.0 × 10^6cells/kg，1.0 × 10^7cells/kg。 Cell reinfusion will be carried out on day 0 (d0), and each subject will be observed for at least 4 weeks after receiving cell reinfusion (DLT observation period)"
22259546|NCT04003168|Participants with BCMA-positive relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, Electrocardiograph, CT/MRI/PET, and blood draws. Participants receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of BCMA CAR+ T cells. After the infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of BCMA CAR+ T cells. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22316418|NCT01355965|The purpose of this study is to test the safety of infusing the study product CIR T cells. These T cells are made using T cells obtained through apheresis and introducing the T cells to a temporary gene which will cause them to start making a new type of antibody that will attach mesothelin (this antibody is found on the surface of the cancer cells). In theory, once the modified T cells attach to mesothelin, the cells will be activated to stimulate the subject's own immune system to attack the mesothelin cells. This type of modified cell is called a T cell transduced transfected with chimeric anti-mesothelin immunoreceptor. Subjects will be enrolled serially with all subjects receiving 1xe8 to 1x1e9 modified CIR T cells every other day for 3 infusions. Each patient will be observed for 9 days for toxicity assessment prior to receiving a second cycle of modified CIR T cells every other day for 3 infusions. The preceding subject must have completed the two-cycle regimen and been observed for toxicity through day 21 before the next subject can be enrolled.
22192040|NCT04626739|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells targeted against CD19 have demonstrated unprecedented successes in treating patients with hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. In this study, investigators will evaluate their safety and efficacy in patients with different types of hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. The primary goal is safety assessment including cytokine storm response and any other adverse effects. In addition, tumor targeting and disease status after treatment will also be evaluated.
22316840|NCT03952923|This Phase I study is designed as a pilot trial evaluating the safety and of CD19-CAR-T cell therapy in subjects with refractory and relapsed B cell malignancies. Subjects will receive cytoreductive chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -5, -4 and -3 followed by infusion of CD19-CAR-T cells. Safety and efficacy of CD19-CAR-T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19-CAR-T cells therapy in patients with refractory and relapsed B-cell malignancies.
22260169|NCT03573700|"SJCAR19 is a Phase I/II clinical trial evaluating the use of SJCAR19 (CD19- specific CAR engineered autologous T-cells) in pediatric, adolescent and young adult patients with relapsed/ refractory CD19+ ALL. Treatment will include a single treatment course, with most patients receiving a lymphodepleting chemotherapy preparative regimen of fludarabine/ cyclophosphamide, followed by a single infusion of SJCAR19.~This protocol contains a 3-part consent process: 1) to proceed with autologous apheresis, 2) to proceed with manufacturing of the SJCAR19 product, and 3) to receive treatment with the SJCAR19 product (initially as Phase I, then proceeding to Phase II). The Phase I portion will evaluate the safety and maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of SJCAR19.~The Phase II portion will evaluate the efficacy, and provide further safety evaluation, of SJCAR19 in an expansion cohort at the MTD determined in the Phase I portion of the study. Additionally, for both the Phase I/II portions of the study there are correlative studies evaluating the biology of this treatment as well assessments into patient/caregiver experiences with undergoing this treatment."
22316959|NCT05665725|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine the safety of siltuximab when given prior to CD19.CAR-T cells for prevention of cytokine release syndrome associated CAR-T cell therapy.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe the safety profile of siltuximab as first line treatment of new onset grade >= 2 cytokine release syndrome (CRS).~II. To estimate the incidence of all-grade CRS and grade >= 3 CRS after CAR-T cell therapy with siltuximab prophylaxis.~III. To estimate the incidence of all grade immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) and grade >= 3 ICANS after CAR-T cell therapy with siltuximab prophylaxis.~IV. To describe the response rates of grade >= 2 CRS to treatment with a second dose of siltuximab.~V. To describe the disease response rates of lymphoma patients after CD19.CAR-T cell therapy with siltuximab prophylaxis.~VI. To estimate the progression free survival (PFS) in subjects treated with CD19.CAR-T cell therapy with siltuximab prophylaxis.~VII. To estimate the overall survival (OS) in subjects treated with CD19.CAR-T cell therapy with siltuximab prophylaxis.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe CD19.CAR-T cell expansion and persistence following treatment with siltuximab prophylaxis.~II. To describe changes in plasma cytokine concentrations in patients treated with CD19.CAR-T cells with prophylactic siltuximab.~III. To describe changes in peripheral blood immunophenotypes in patients treated with CD19.CAR-T cells with prophylactic siltuximab.~IV. To examine the role of complement activation on development and persistence of ICANS.~V. To examine the correlation between apheresis product, infusional CAR-T product, and pre-lymphodepletion immunophenotypes with CRS/ICANS and CD19.CAR- T clinical response.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive siltuximab intravenously (IV) prior to CE19.CAR-T cell therapy and as clinically indicated on study. Patients undergo computed tomography (CT) scan or positron emission tomography (PET) scan throughout the trial. Patients also undergo blood sample collection during screening and on study."
22192320|NCT04610125|A single car consists of scFv, hinge region, transmembrane region, costimulatory domain and zeta subunit of CD3.Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.
22316998|NCT05648019|"This is a single arm, open-label, multi-center, phase II feasibility study to deliver point-of-care manufactured CD19-directed CAR T-cell therapy to patients with relapsed / refractory B-lineage leukaemia / lymphoma.~The study consists of the following phases:~Screening phase: Eligibility; enrolment~Preparatory phase: Bridging therapy (if required); leukapheresis; CAR T manufacturing; lymphodepletion.~Treatment phase: Infusion of single dose of anti-CD19 CAR T-cells~Follow-up Phase: Efficacy and safety monitoring up to 24 months"
22317180|NCT04657861|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory BCMA/TACI positive relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 36 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22192560|NCT04594135|Anti- CAR is a chimeric antigen receptor immunotherapy treatment designed to treat lymphoma/leukemia expressing CD5 antigen. CD5+ T cell lymphomas or leukemia are a subset of leukemias and lymphomas that are positive for the surface protein CD5. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of anti-CD5 CAR T cells.
22317307|NCT03605238|"This study is being conducted to assess anti-CD19/20 CAR T cells safety and efficacy in treating patients with AQP4-IgG seropositive NMOSD.~PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the safety of the tanCART-19/20 cells in treating NMOSD patients. II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of tanCART-19/20 cells.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the efficacy of the tanCART-19/20 cells in treating NMOSD patients.~II. The secondary outcome measures: annual relapse rate (ARR), Expanded Disability Status Scale Score(EDDS), Best Corrected Visual Acuity (Log MAR), Spectral-Domain Optical Coherence Tomography (SD-OCT), Flash Visual Evoked Potential (FVEP) and Immunological assessments.~OUTLINE: Patients receive anti-CD19/20-CAR (coupled with CD137 and CD3 zeta signalling domains) vector-transduced autologous T cells on days 0 in the absence of unacceptable toxicity. The infusion dose is 1E5-2E6 CAR positive T cells/kg, and dose escalation methods obey the traditional 3+3 design (three doses groups: 1-2E5, 3-6E5, 1-2E6 CAR-T cells).~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 6 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 3 years."
22192629|NCT04213469|PD1-CD19-CART is a kind of chimeric antigen T cell targeting CD19 with both CD19-CAR gene integration and also PD1 knockout by one-step gene-editing. After completion of study treatment, subject participation for this study will be followed up to 15 years post T cell infusion.
22260609|NCT02547948|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells targeting CD19 will be evaluated for safety and efficacy in patients with B cell lymphoma or leukemia. The CAR consists of a CD19 targeting antibody scFv with two intracellular signaling domains derived from CD3 zeta and CD28. Autologous T cells will be gene-engineered with the CAR gene using a retrovirus vector. Prior to T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for 24 months for adverse reactions, persistence of CAR T cells and efficacy.
22260619|NCT04010877|"Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a malignant disease characterized by the rapid growth of myeloblasts that grow in the bone marrow and interfere with the generation of normal blood cells.~Over the past few years, several groups have demonstrated that CD33 and CD123 CAR T cells can eradicate AML in both preclinical and clinical trials. Nevertheless, relapse after CAR T therapy remains a critical problem in treating AML. Disease relapse can be caused by antigen escape and by the outgrowth of residual leukemia stem cells (LSCs) that are not effectively eliminated by CAR T cells. CLL-1 (C-type lectin-like molecule-1) is a transmembrane glycoprotein, which is overexpressed in LSCs but absent in HSCs (hematopoietic stem cells), suggesting that CLL-1 might be a promising target for novel AML therapy. In this study, we use CLL-1 CAR-T in combination with CD123 and/or CD33 CAR-T as a new strategy to address LSC issue and prevent relapse caused by antigen escape.~The T cells from patients or transplantation donors will be genetically modified with lentiviral CAR vector to recognize specific molecules (CD33, CD123 or CLL-1) expressed on the surface of AML cells. The engineered T cells will be applied to patients through intravenous delivery.~The purpose of this clinical trial is to assess the feasibility, safety and efficacy of multiple CAR-T cell therapy in AML. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the function of CAR T cells and their persistency in the patients."
22126208|NCT05436223|Subjects with relapsed and refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma would be selected if subjects meet all criteria evaluated by physical exams, blood tests, electrocardiograph, computedtomography （CT）/magnetic resonance Imaging(MRI)/positron emission tomography（PET）, tumor assessments, etc. Subjects would be hospitalized to receive the infusion of CD19 CAR+ T cells after lymphodepleting regimen, with the observation and evaluation of efficacy and safety.
22379540|NCT04427449|"CD44 variant domain 6 (CD44v6) which belongs to CD44 family has been implicated in tumorigenesis, tumor cell invasion and metastasis. The expression of CD44v6 was reported for the majority of squamous cell carcinomas, a proportion of adenocarcinomas of differing origin, a proportion of melanoma and lymphoma. This expression pattern has made CD44v6 an attractive target for the therapy of various types of CD44v6 positive cancers.~The T cells from patients or transplantation donors will be genetically modified with lentiviral CAR vector to recognize specific molecules - CD44v6 expressed on the surface of the cancer cells. The engineered T cells will be applied to patients through intravenous delivery.~The purpose of this clinical trial is to assess the feasibility, safety and efficacy of CD44v6 CAR-T cell therapy in multiple cancers including - but not limited to - stomach cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, multiple myeloma and lymphoma which are CD44v6 positive. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the function of the 4SCAR-CD44v6 T cells and their persistency in the patients."
22379545|NCT04812691|"This is a phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study conducted in adult subjects with primary refractory DLBCL in China to evaluate the safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics(PK), pharmacodynamics(PD) of JWCAR029 and collect immune response after JWCAR029 treatment.~One dose level of 1.0 x 10^8 CAR+ T cells is adopted in this study. All sujects will be followed for 2 years after JWCAR029 infusion."
22260811|NCT04119024|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. Safety.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Clinical response. II. Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell tumor infiltration and persistence. III. Impact of IL-2 on the persistence and tumor infiltration of IL13Ralpha2 CAR T cells.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Cytokine release syndrome analysis. II. Evaluation of endogenous anti-tumor immune response.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of IL13Ralpha2-specific hinge-optimized 4-1BB-co-stimulatory CAR/truncated (Cluster of Differentiation 19) CD19-expressing autologous TN/MEM cells (IL13Ralpha2 CAR T cells).~Patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) over 1 hour on days -5 to -4 and fludarabine phosphate IV over 15-30 minutes on days -4 to -1. Patients then receive IL13Ralpha2 CAR T cells IV on day 0. Patients may also receive recombinant interleukin-2 subcutaneously (SC) twice daily (BID) on days 1-7.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed every 2-3 months for 2 years, every 6 months for 3 years, then every year for at least 15 years."
22317682|NCT04083495|"This multicenter, open-label phase II study will determine the efficacy and safety of autologous activated T lymphocytes (ATLs) expressing the chimeric antigen receptor specific for CD30 (ATLCAR.CD30) administered in two sequential infusions in subjects with relapsed/refractory CD30+ PTCL. Up to 20 subjects will receive 2 infusions of 2 × 108 cells/m2 of ATL product expressing the CAR.CD30. It can take time to procure the subjects cells and manufacture the ATLCAR.CD30 cells. During the time period required to manufacture the product the subjects will be able to receive standard of care bridging therapy to be determined by their primary local oncologist. Prior to receiving the first cell infusion, subjects will undergo lymphodepletion with fludarabine and bendamustine. Any subject with prior hypersensitivity reaction to bendamustine will be considered for an alternative lymphodepletion regimen. Subjects will have their disease assessed at week 8 by either CT chest, abdomen and pelvis or PET/CT. Subjects who have stable disease (SD), partial response (PR) or complete response (CR) without subsequent progressive disease and meet the eligibility criteria for a second infusion, will receive lymphodepletion followed by a second infusion. The lymphodepletion for the second infusion will consist of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine.~OUTLINE~Cell Procurement Up to 300 mL of peripheral blood (in up to 3 collections) will be obtained from subjects for cell procurement. Additionally, leukapheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient cells in subjects with a low absolute lymphocyte count or who had inadequate peripheral blood collection. The parameters for apheresis will be up to 2 blood volumes.~Bridging Chemotherapy while waiting for CAR_T cells to be prepared Subjects will be allowed to receive additional standard of care therapy (e.g., chemotherapy or radiation therapy) to stabilize their disease if the treating physician feels it is in the subject's best interests.~Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy Prior to the initial cellular product administration subjects will receive a lymphodepleting regimen of bendamustine 70 mg/m^2/day administered IV over 1 hour followed by an IV dose over 30 minutes of fludarabine 30 mg/m^2/day administered over 3 consecutive days. These agents will be administered per institutional guidelines. Prophylaxis (e.g., hydration, antiemetics, etc.) needed prior to fludarabine and bendamustine chemotherapy will be provided per institutional guidelines. Lymphodepletion will be given 2-14 days prior to the initial cell product administration. Subjects who have previously had hypersensitivity to bendamustine may receive a lymphodepletion regimen of cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m^2 IV and fludarabine 30 mg/m^2 each as a daily infusion for 3 days 2-14 days prior to the initial cell product administration.~Two to 14 days prior to the second infusion, subjects will receive a lymphodepletion regimen of cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m^2 IV and fludarabine 30 mg/m^2 each as a daily infusion for 3 days per institutional guidelines. Subjects whose absolute neutrophil count and/or platelet count takes >/= 3 months (from the first day of lymphodepletion prior to the initial cellular product administration) to recover to levels required to meet eligibility for lymphodepletion (ANC >/= 1.0 x 10^9/L and platelet count >/= 50 x 10^9/L) prior to the second infusion will receive a 25% dose reduction in cyclophosphamide and fludarabine lymphodepletion for the second round of lymphodepletion.~ATLCAR.CD30 Cell Administration The cellular product consisting of ATLCAR.CD30 cells will be administered by a licensed healthcare provider (oncology nurse or physician) via intravenous injection over 5 - 10 minutes through either a peripheral or a central line. The volume of infusion will depend upon the concentration of the cells when frozen and the size of the subject. The expected volume will be 1 - 50 mL. Post lymphodepletion, subjects who meet eligibility criteria for cellular therapy will receive ATLCAR.CD30 cells within 2 - 14 days after completing the lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen. The recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) determined in the phase 1 study of ATLCAR.CD30 will be administered to subjects (2 × 108 CAR-T/m2).~If a subject only has enough ATLCAR.CD30 cells product for one infusion, they will still be able to receive one infusion of cells and will not have a 2nd lymphodepletion or infusion of cells. These subjects will be replaced for the purposes of efficacy determination.~Duration of Therapy~Therapy in the study involves 2 infusions of ATLCAR.CD30 cells. Treatment with at least one infusion will be administered unless:~Subject decides to withdraw from study treatment, or~General or specific changes in the subject's condition render the subject unacceptable for further treatment in the judgment of the investigator.~Duration of Follow-Up~Subjects will be followed for up to 15 years from final cell product administration or until death, whichever occurs first.~Subjects removed from study treatment for unacceptable adverse events will be followed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse event.~Subjects who experience unequivocal disease progression and start alternate therapy after receiving a cell infusion will still be required to complete abbreviated follow up procedures outlined in the protocol."
22317703|NCT03873805|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Define the safety and tolerability of autologous anti-PSCA-CAR-4-1BB/TCRzeta-CD19t-expressing T lymphocytes (PSCA-CAR T cells) in patients with PSCA+ metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC).~II. Define the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) of PSCA-CAR T cells in patients with PSCA+ mCRPC.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess the expansion and persistence of PSCA-CAR T cells. II. Assess clinical response based on Prostate Cancer Working Group 3 (PCWG3) criteria.~III. Assess survival outcomes (including biochemical progression free survival [PFS], radiographic PFS and overall survival [OS]).~IV. Assess serum cytokine profiles in peripheral blood pre- and post-therapy. V. Describe the PSCA expression level on tumor cells prior to CAR T cell infusion, and the relationship it may have with disease response and observed toxicities.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Characterize the phenotypes and frequencies of immune cell subsets in the peripheral blood pre- and post-therapy.~II. Enumerate and characterize tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) pre- and post-therapy.~III. Enumerate and analyze gene expression of circulating tumor cells (CTC) pre- and post-therapy.~IV. Analyze circulating cell-free DNA (cfDNA). V. Determine the immunogenicity of PSCA-CAR T cells.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study.~Patients may receive lymphodepleting regimen at the discretion of the treating physician including fludarabine intravenously (IV) on days -5 to -3 and cyclophosphamide IV on days -5 to -3 or on days -4 and/or -3. Patients then receive autologous anti-PSCA-CAR-4-1BB/TCRzeta-CD19t-expressing T lymphocytes IV over 10-15 minutes at day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at day 1, every 2 days for up to 14 days, weekly for up to 1 month, every month for up to 1 year, and then annually for up to 15 years."
22317715|NCT03648372|"The drug being tested in this study is called TAK-981. TAK-981 is being tested to evaluate safety, tolerability, preliminary efficacy and PK in participants with advanced or metastatic solid tumors or relapsed/refractory hematologic malignancies. The study will include 2 phases: Phase 1 dose escalation and Phase 2 dose expansion cohorts (cancer treatment expansions).~The study will enrol approximately 202 participants, approximately 70 participants in the dose escalation phase, approximately 132 participants in cancer treatment expansion phase.~In the dose escalation, dose levels will be escalated based on safety, and available PK and pharmacodynamic data and will also determine the single agent RP2D. Participants in dose expansion phase will be enrolled, once RP2D is determined. There will be 6 cohorts in cancer treatment expansions.~Cohort A: Nonsquamous NSCLC~Cohort B: Cervical cancer~Cohort C: MSS-CRC~Cohort D: Relapsed/refractory DLBCL progressed or relapsed after CAR T-cells therapy~Cohort E: Relapsed/refractory DLBCL that have not received prior cellular therapy~Cohort F: Relapsed/refractory FL~This multi-center trial will be conducted in European Union, China and United States. The overall time to participate in this study is approximately 2 years. The overall time to receive treatment in the dose escalation and cancer treatment is approximately 1 year. Based on decision of sponsor, participants with demonstrated clinical benefit can continue treatment beyond 1 year. Participants will make multiple visits to the clinic and will make a final visit 30 days after receiving their last dose of drug or before the start of subsequent anticancer therapy, whichever occurs first for a follow-up assessment.uroped"
22126462|NCT04186520|"This is a Phase 1/Phase 2 study. The objectives are as follows:~Phase 1: Determine the safety of a fixed dose of 2.5x10^6 CAR-20/19-T cells/kg expanded with IL-7/IL-15 in relapsed refractory B-cell NHL with flexible 8/12-day manufacturing and a fixed 12-day manufacturing process along with an evaluation in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma.~Phase 1b: Four arms:~Arm A: 8/12 flexible manufacturing arm. Determine safety, efficacy, and feasibility of flexible manufacturing.~Arm B: Fixed 12-day manufacturing arm. Determine safety and efficacy of fixed CAR manufacturing.~Arm C: 8/12 flexible manufacturing with mandated cryopreservation prior to infusion of LV20.19 CAR T-cells. Determine the impact of cryopreservation on safety or efficacy of LV20.19 CAR T-cells.~Arm D: 8/12 flexible manufacturing expansion cohort in CLL. Determine safety and efficacy in CLL.~Arm E: 8/12 flexible manufacturing cohort in central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma.~Phase 2~Determine the 3-month CR rate of CAR-20/19-T cells in MCL~Determine the feasibility of a flexible manufacturing process of CAR-20/19-T cells from patient apheresis products using the CliniMACS Prodigy Cell processing device"
22379670|NCT04134325|"In this study, investigators will enroll subjects with relapsed/refractory cHL being treated with anti-PD-1 therapy. The study will examine the treatment of relapsed/refractory cHL in this population in , two arms with 10 subjects each: (1) Arm 1: 10 subjects who have previously received anti-PD-1 therapy and experienced progression and more recently received CD30 CAR-T cell therapy and have evidence of progression, and (2) Arm 2 : 10 subjects who have never received CD30 CAR-T therapy and have evidence of progression are initiating treatment with anti-PD1 therapy. In both arms of the study subjects will be offered anti-PD-1 therapy (nivolumab or pembrolizumab, at the discretion of treating oncologist), as per standard of care in r/r cHL~The primary objective of this study is to estimate the objective response rate (ORR) of anti-PD-1 therapy after progression on CD30 CAR-T cell therapy in study Arm 1 subjects within r/r cHL. The secondary objectives will be to measure the change in T-cell receptor clonality during treatment with anti-PD-1 therapy after progression after CD30 CAR-T therapy in these subjects, the change in peripheral blood immunophenotype during treatment with anti-PD-1 therapy after progression on CD30 CAR-T cell therapy and progression free survival (PFS) of anti-PD-1 therapy after progression on CD30 CAR-T cell therapy.~Preliminary data from subjects treated with anti-PD-1 therapy after progression following CD30 CAR-T cell therapy has suggested surprisingly robust clinical responses to anti-PD-1 therapy. Therefore, this study is an important advancement for understanding both immunomodulation after CD30 CAR-T cell therapy, as well as clinical response to anti-PD-1 therapy. This study will serve as a baseline for clinical response and immunomodulation for future clinical trials evaluating the combination of anti-PD-1 therapy and CD30 CAR-T cell therapy."
22260997|NCT04089215|"This is a phase II, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study conducted in adult subjects with R/R Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma in China to evaluate the safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics(PK), pharmacodynamics(PD) of JWCAR029 and collect the patient reported quality of life changes and immune response after JWCAR029 treatment.~There will be two cohorts of cohort A and cohort B. Large B cell lymphoma (LBCL) patients will be enrolled in cohort A and follicular lymphoma patients will be enrolled in cohort B. Two dose levels of 1.0 x 10^8 CAR+ T cells and 1.5 x 10^8 CAR+ T cells are adopted in this study in both cohorts, subjects will be randomly assigned into the two dose levels with a 1:1 ratio. All sujects will be followed for 2 years following JWCAR029 infusion."
22126572|NCT05336383|"Objectives~Primary Objective:~• The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the preliminary efficacy of salvage radiation therapy after BCMA CAR-T cell therapy in subjects with RRMM.~Secondary Objectives:~• Evaluate the safety of and other efficacy parameters of radiation treatment after BCMA CAR-T cell therapy in subjects with RRMM~Exploratory Objectives:~Evaluate the immunophenotype and/or expression profile, and perform functional bulk and single cell analysis of CAR T cells, endogenous T cells as well as other immune cells in the blood, bone marrow and/or tumor tissue with BCMA CAR-T therapy and RT~Evaluate changes in the levels of cytokines, chemokines, and soluble factors in the blood with BCMA CAR-T therapy and RT~Evaluate changes in T cell receptor repertoire with BCMA CAR-T therapy and RT~Evaluate gut microbiome of patients treated with BCMA CAR-T therapy and RT"
22317860|NCT05370547|"Background:~CAR-T cell therapy has been shown to be superior to conventional therapy in patients with r/r B-cell NHL. However, prior clinical studies and real-world data suggest that approximately 30-40% of cases of drug resistance still occur after CAR-T cell therapy, and approximately 50-60% of cases have recurrent disease progression over time of infusion. The investigators used genome-wide CRISPR/Cas9 to screen for CAR T-resistant cells and identified low NOXA expression as associated with CAR-T resistance. NOXA protein is a member of the Bcl2 protein family, which plays a critical role in P53-dependent apoptosis. The previous research suggests that the low expression of NOXA protein may be an important biomarker for the treatment of drug resistance of CAR-T cells. Through the verification of nearly 40 clinical samples previously treated with CAR-T, the investigators found that low NOXA expression was associated with poor prognosis. Meanwhile, animal experiments demonstrated that HDACi can up-regulate the expression of NOXA in tumor cells and significantly improve the efficacy of CAR-T therapy by reducing the incidence of resistance. The research was published in Signal Transduction and Targeted Therapy in 2022.~Objective:~The primary objective of the study was to evaluate whether chidamide bridging intervention improved clinical response to CAR-T in patients with r/r B-cell NHL. A secondary objective was to evaluate the safety of bridging therapy with chidamide and subsequent CAR-T infusion in above patients. The exploratory objective was to investigate the effect of chidamide intervention on NOXA expression.~Design:~This is a multicenter, prospective, controlled, open-label, phase Ⅰ/Ⅱ study. 120 patients with r/r B-cell NHL will be enrolled. Biopsy was performed before peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) collection, and NOXA expression level was detected by immunohistochemistry (IHC).~Patients with high NOXA expression (IHC score > 4) were treated with conventional CAR-T process (n=60), including PBMC collection, bridging therapy (without chidamide), fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (FC) regimen conditioning, CAR-T cell infusion, efficacy evaluation and follow-up; Patients with low NOXA expression (IHC score 0 - 4) were randomly assigned 1:1 to conventional CAR-T group as mentioned earlier (n=30) or CAR-T group containing chidamide bridging therapy (n=30).~The bridging therapy regimen containing chidamide was divided into monotherapy and combination therapy. Chidamide combination intervention can be used in cases of high tumor burden, rapid progression of disease, symptoms of compression, involvement of specific sites or organs, and other burden reduction that need to be addressed. The combination of one or more of the following drugs in addition to chidamide is permitted: glucocorticoids, BTK inhibitors, chemotherapy, other previously used resistance drugs, etc.~In this study, commercial CAR-T cells (mainly Relma-cel, with Axi-cel or other commercial CAR-T cells also acceptable) or experimental CAR-T cells targeted at CD19 were acceptable.~If feasible, for the group with low NOXA expression, a secondary biopsy was performed at the same site to detect changes in NOXA expression before CAR-T infusion."
22317912|NCT02134262|"Peripheral blood (up to 600 mL) will be collected from a subject after obtaining a written informed consent and completing the 1st registration. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and plasma are obtained from the blood, and T cells contained in the PBMCs are transduced with anti-CD19 CAR gene by using SFG-1928z retroviral vector. Anti-CD19 CAR expressing T cells (CD19-CAR-T) will be expanded using a medium containing autologous plasma. After the T cells pass in quality control tests, the subject will go into 2nd registration. Subjects will be hospitalized and administered Cyclophosphamide on Day -2 or Bendamustine on Day -3 to Day -2 intravenously as Pre-treatment, and then subjects will receive 1st infusion of CD19-CAR-T on Day 0 and Day 1 (Day 1：1/3 dose, Day 2：2/3 dose) as a split dose. In case the sufficient cell number of CD19-CAR-T is manufactured, DLT is not observed after CD19-CAR-T infusion, certain clinical effect is observed and additional treatment is preferable, the necessity of 2nd infusion will be assessed. In the case that 2nd infusion is necessary, it is allowed to infuse at appropriate timing.~This study is conducted based on the 3+3 dose escalation scheme. Three subjects are enrolled in each group of Dose Level. If one of the 3 subjects show DLT during DLT assessment period, another 3 subjects will be added; therefore, decision as to whether the next Dose Level can follow or not is made based on the results obtained from the total of 6 subjects.~The investigator assesses the tumor shrinkage effect of CD19-CAR-T in accordance with Revised response criteria malignant lymphoma, at 12 week after the 1st infusion of CD19-CAR-T (or at the time of termination). The investigator also assesses the safety during the follow-up period. Long-term follow-up study is conducted at frequency of once a year for 15 years after the 1st infusion of CD19-CAR-T in reference to guidelines of FDA."
22126716|NCT04336501|Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-hsct) for the treatment of refractory recurrent acute b-lymphoblastic leukemia (b-all), the overall survival rate of 3 years after transplantation was about 10%. The overall survival rate at 3 years was about 70 percent. In the early stage, the investigators established the monitoring method of leukemia micro-residual disease, effectively screened out the high-risk group of recurrence, combined with the new relapse treatment method, successfully implemented the stratification and even personalized dry prediction of leukemia recurrence for the first time in the world, and reduced the recurrence rate of the high-risk group by 30%. However, the therapeutic targeting is not strong, and up to 30% of patients will develop graft versus host disease, which seriously affects the survival of patients. The use of CAR repair T cells (CAR T) to target CD19 in the treatment of refractory recurrent b-all was effective, and the use of CAR T in the treatment of recurrent b-all after transplantation did not increase the risk of GVHD. This clinical study mainly discussed the safety and efficacy of donor targeted cd19-t cells after allo-hsct in the treatment of acute b-lymphocytic leukemia with minimal residual disease. It is expected that the recurrence rate will be reduced while the incidence of acute GVHD after transplantation will not be increase
22379846|NCT05535673|This is a single-center, nonrandomized, open-label, dose-escalation study to evaluate the safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of ThisCART19A in patients with refractory or relapsed CD19 positive B cell Lymphoma, such as Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) , follicular lymphoma and etc.
22318048|NCT03579888|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine the safety and maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of donor-derived genetically modified, CD19-specific T cells expressing mbIL15 and HER1t using the Rapid Personalized Manufacture (RPM) process (autologous CD19-CD8-CD28-CD3zeta-chimeric antigen receptor [CAR]-mbIL15-HER1t T cells [CD19-mbIL15-CAR-T cells]) administered to patients with CD19+ advanced lymphoid malignancies who have previously received an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT), including haploidentical HSCT.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To demonstrate the feasibility of the RPM process. II. To determine the incidence and grading of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) and neurotoxicity.~III. To determine persistence of genetically modified T cells. IV. To determine if cetuximab can control numbers of infused T cells. V. To screen for the development of host immune responses against the transgenes (one or more of CAR, mbIL15, HER1t).~VI. To determine cytokine profile of the patient with infused T cells. VII. To demonstrate the homing ability of the infused T cells. VIII. To assess disease response after T-cell infusion. IX. To assess progression-free and overall survival. X. To detect emergence of CD19 negative (neg) malignant B cells.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of autologous CD19-CD8-CD28-CD3zeta-CAR-mbIL15-HER1t T cells.~CHEMOTHERAPY: Patients receive fludarabine intravenously (IV) over 1 hour and cyclophosphamide IV over 3 hours on days -5, -4, and -3 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~T-CELL INFUSION: Patients receive autologous CD19-CD8-CD28-CD3zeta-CAR-mbIL15-HER1t T cells IV over 15-30 minutes on day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up within 3 days after T-cell infusion and at 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8 weeks, then at 3, 6, and 12 months, then periodically for up to 15 years."
22318615|NCT05391490|"The aims of this study are to make sure these KCAT19 T cells can be made in the lab, assess if these therapies are safe and also obtain some initial information that these CAR T cells work in patients with B-cell malignancies.~Following patent's informed consent and registration into the trial, allogeneic HLA-matched cord blood donor T cells will be couriered to the Centre for Cell, Gene & Tissue Therapeutics (CCGTT) at the Royal Free Hospital (RFH) where the KCAT19 T cells will be manufactured. The first 3 patients treated on KCAT19 will be HLA matched 4-6/6 with a cord-blood donor and the remaining patients registered will be HLA matched 0-6/6 if confirmed by the IDMC.~KCAT19 T cells are classified as advanced therapy investigational medicinal products (ATIMPs) and manufacture will take approximately 15 days.~Briefly, the allogeneic cord-blood derived T cells are grown in the presence of a lentivirus which transfers specific genes into the T cells (part of the white blood cells). The genes enable the T cells to express a protein which can recognise a target protein (CD19) present on the surface of the malignant B-cells and attack them. The genetically modified cells are tested to ensure they comply with the specified quality release criteria and frozen at RFH. The ATIMPs are couriered to the trial site with a special shipper (maintaining temperature below -130C) to be administered to the patient when needed. During the ATIMP manufacturing period, patients may receive holding chemotherapy or immunotherapy as per institutional practice to maintain disease control. Prior to infusion of the KCAT19 T cells, patients will be admitted to hospital to have pre-conditioning therapy with 2 anticancer drugs: cyclophosphamide and fludarabine.~Patients will then receive the KCAT19 T cell infusion on day 0. The KCAT19 T cells are given as an intravenous infusion. Patients will be closely monitored at the participating trial site for a minimum of 14 days after the KCAT19 T cells infusion with regular observations and blood tests (detailed in the protocol) to assess for potential toxicities. Disease assessment will take place at; baseline, month 1, month 6 and month 12 post-KCAT19 T cell infusion.~Following discharge, patients will be followed up monthly for the first 6 months, then 6 weekly until 12 months post KCAT19 T infusion, followed by quarterly visits for a further year before annual visits until the end of the trial is declared (Year 3 - Year 10)."
22380139|NCT04892277|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine the maximum tolerated dose of in-house, point of care manufactured autologous anti-CD19 CAR-expressing T-lymphocytes IC19/1563 (IC19/1563) in patient with relapsed/refractory B cell malignancies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess the feasibility of in-house, point of care manufactured IC19/1563 cells.~II. Evaluate safety, including all grades of neurotoxicity (ICANS) and cytokine release syndrome as determined by the American Society for Transplantation and Cellular Therapy (ASTCT) criteria, by monitoring adverse events, laboratory abnormalities, vital signs, and other safety parameters.~III. Estimate the incidence of grade 3 or higher of neurotoxicity and cytokine release syndrome by grade 3 or higher neurotoxicity (ICANS) or CRS per the ASTCT criteria.~IV. Assess efficacy of a single dose of IC19/1563 cells:~IVa. Overall response rate (ORR); IVb. Duration of response (DOR); IVc. Progression-free survival (PFS); IVd. Minimal residual disease (MRD) negative bone marrow disease in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL/SLL), based on one month post evaluation.~CORRELATIVE RESEARCH OBJECTIVES:~I. Characterize the in vivo cellular kinetics profile (levels, persistence, trafficking) of CAR19 transgene and CD3+CAR+ cells into blood.~II. Characterize the changes in cytokine levels over time. III. Assess hospital resource utilization and health economics.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of IC19/1563.~Patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) over 60 minutes and fludarabine IV over 30 minutes on days -5, -4, -3, or bendamustine IV over 10 minutes on days -4 and -3, and IC19/1563 IV on day 0. Patients also undergo bone marrow biopsy and aspiration, computed tomography/positron emission tomography (CT/PET) or CT scans, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and collection of blood and tumor samples throughout the trial.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up on days 60, every 3 months up to year 3, every 6 months from years 3-5, and then annually for up to 15.5 years."
22193637|NCT04546906|"The CARs consist of an anti-CD22 single-chain variable fragment（scFv）, a portion of the human CD137（4-1BB） molecule, and the intracellular component of the human CD3ζ molecule. Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of CD22CAR-T in patients with recurrent or refractory B-ALL~The Secondary research objectives:~To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of CD22CAR-T in patients with recurrent or refractory B-ALL"
22318649|NCT05085418|"Immune nephritis is a chronic glomerular disease originating in the kidney caused by various etiologies.Clinically, secondary chronic kidney damage caused by systemic diseases such as diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosus and gout is named after its primary disease, such as diabetic nephropathy and lupus nephritis. Autoimmune diseases only show local pathological damage, but more often systemic lesions. If not diagnosed and treated in time or poorly controlled, a risk of disability or even death as the course of the disease progresses. Studies have shown that B cells can present their own antigens to autoimmune T cells to promote the release of inflammatory factors, or they can differentiate into plasma cells to release autoantibodies, and play an important role in the occurrence and progression of autoimmune diseases. In recent years, it has become a major research focus to deplete B cells in patients or inhibit B cell function. This research focuses on CAR-T cells killing B cells.~Based on the current research progress, our center intends to conduct research on the safety and effectiveness of CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in the treatment of refractory systemic lupus erythematosus."
22318668|NCT03068416|"Treatment of patients with B cell lymphoma or leukemia with two doses of CD19-targeting chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells to evaluate for safety and efficacy. The CAR consists of a CD19 targeting antibody scFv with three intracellular signaling domains derived from CD3 zeta, CD28 and 4-1BB. Autologous T cells will be gene engineered with the CAR gene using a retrovirus vector. Prior to T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After the second infusion patients will be subjected to immunomodulatory treatment. After T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for 24 months for adverse reactions, persistence of CAR T cells and efficacy.~Primary outcome:~- Registration of the safety profile such as inflammation, fever, pain, changes in blood pressure, pulse and other adverse events.~Weekly for the first 6 weeks, then at 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21 and 24 months.~Secondary outcome:~Tumor response, CAR T cell persistence and immunological profile~Determination of tumor size and the tumor marker CD19.~Determination of the levels of circulating B cells.~Determination of the level of CAR T cells (mRNA and cells) in blood and biopsies.~Determination of activation markers on CAR T cells such as CD107a.~Determination of the presence of immunological markers in blood and biopsies.~At 1 and 3 weeks then at 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21 and 24 months."
22193665|NCT04541368|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed CS1+ multiple myeloma, the selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 50 patients will be enrolled for this trial. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22380278|NCT05528887|CAR-T cells targeted CD19 have demonstrated unprecedented successes. Besides CD19, many other molecules such as CD123, BCMA, and CD7 may be potential in developing the corresponding CAR-T cells to treat patients with hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. UTC Therapeutics Inc. have developed an efficient platform for constructing CAR-T cells that can remodel of tumor microenvironment and enhance the anti-tumor immune response and persistence of CAR-T cells. In this study, all eligible subjects will receive a conditioning chemotherapy regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide followed by investigational treatment, CAR-T cells. Safety and efficacy of the CAR-T cells will be assessed.
22318882|NCT04443829|"The CAROUSEL Trial is a single-centre, non-randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of an Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Product (ATIMP) in adults (age ≥16) with relapsed/refractory Primary CNS Lymphoma. The ATIMP for this study is cryopreserved autologous patient-derived T-cells transduced with CD19CAR vector to generate CD19CAR T-cells.~Patients will undergo an unstimulated leucapheresis for the generation of the ATIMP which will take approximately 15 days to generate. During this period, patients may receive holding chemotherapy as per institutional practice to maintain disease control. Patients will receive pre-conditioning lymphodepleting (LD) chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide 60mg/kg on Day -6, fludarabine 30mg/m2 administered over 3 days (Day -5 to Day -3) and pembrolizumab 200mg on Day -1.~All patients will be treated on Theme 1 of the study with 250 x 10^6 CD19 CAR T-cells i.v. following LD chemotherapy as described above. Patients with response of Stable Disease (SD) or Progressive Disease (PD) at Day 28 (or frank relapse beyond Day 28) and in the absence of severe toxicity related to the ATIMP, will be potentially eligible for Theme 2 of the study where they can receive Dose 2, a single dose of 25 x 10^6 CD19CAR T-cells intraventricularly via an Ommaya reservoir following LD chemotherapy as described above.~The study will evaluate the feasibility of generating the ATIMP, the safety of administering CD19CAR T-cell therapy and how effectively CD19CAR T-cells engraft, expand and persist following administration in patients with relapsed/refractory primary CNS lymphoma.~Following infusion of CD19CAR T-cell therapy patients will be monitored for between 2-4 weeks as an inpatient. Following discharge, patients will enter the interventional follow up phase and be followed up for 2 years. Patients will be seen monthly for the first 6 months, then 6 weekly to 12 months and then 3 monthly until 2 years post CD19CAR T-cell infusion.~If patients relapse within the first 2 years post CD19CAR T-cell infusion they will come off the interventional follow up and will be followed up annually until the end of trial is declared.~After completing the interventional phase of the study all patients, irrespective of whether they progressed or responded to treatment, will enter long term follow up until the end of trial is declared."
22380337|NCT05523661|Newly diagnosed ph-positive ALL patients over 60 and less than 70 years old will be enrolled. Patients will be given Dasatinib plus VP chemotherapy for induction remission treatment, if a hematologic complete remission was observed then a lymphocyte collection will be administrated to patients. Then chemotherapy regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide followed by a single infusion of CD19/CD22 CAR+ T cells
22261960|NCT04085159|"Neurofibromatosis (NF) is caused by a genetic change that tends to develop benign tumors around nerves. NF is a lifelong condition that affects all populations equally, regardless of gender or ethnicity. Neurofibromatosis has been classified into three distinct types: NF1, NF2, and schwannomatosis. The hallmark tumors seen in NF2 are vestibular schwannomas, formerly known as acoustic neuromas. Vestibular schwannomas are benign tumors made up of abnormal Schwann cells, which are the cells that give the nerves the lining and insulation needed to conduct information. Vestibular schwannomas can cause hearing loss in one or both ears, depending on whether the tumors are unilateral or bilateral.~Schwannomatosis is the same type of tumor as that of NF2 patients. Tumors are all related to Schwann cells. There is no cure for NF or schwannomatosis. Surgery is the only clinical method at present, and no drugs have been proved to be effective in the treatment of these tumors.~Adoptive immunotherapy based on cytotoxic T lymphocytes reactive with specific antigens has proven to be effective. In vitro induction of tumor antigen-specific immune cells and engineering of target specific immune cells have great potential for cancer eradication. If CAR-T/CTL immunotherapy is effective, it is expected that Neurofibromatosis or Schwannomatosis tumors should shrink or disappear completely. However, the minimal residual tumor cells or cancer stem cells may exist and cause relapse to other tissues and organs. Follow-up immunotherapy must focus on enhancing the anti-tumor immunity. Therefore, this protocol includes follow-up application of DCvac to prevent recurrence. This study proposes a novel protocol of immunotherapy to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of targeting tumor antigens in patients."
22262182|NCT05277753|"Minimal residual disease (MRD) monitoring is currently performed in T-ALL patients to evaluate treatment response and define risk stratification. Patients with good prognosis have undetectable MRD levels after treatment, while persistent MRD defines high relapse-risk patients. The standardized flow cytometry assay detects MRD reliably in bone marrow or peripheral blood at levels ≥0.01% mononuclear cells. More sensitive MRD assay detecting specific clonal T cell receptors (TCR) by next-generation sequencing (NGS) can reliably detect blasts at levels ≤10-6 cells. Given the high sensitivity, NGS-MRD approach improves distinction between deeply negative and very low positive cases. Recent studies also demonstrate that NGS-MRD assessment of the bone marrow with undetectable blast cells is a strong predictive factor, indicating patients with possible long-term response after CAR-T cell therapy.~Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is hematological malignancy with the highest incidence in children and adolescents. After standardized treatment, the survival rate is relatively high. ALL is divided into two types: B cells and T cells, the latter accounting for about 15% of childhood leukemias and about 25% of adult leukemias. Compared with children and adolescents with B-lineage ALL (B-ALL), T-ALL is extremely aggressive, and patients are prone to early disease recurrence, and in the event of recurrence, event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) are lower, at less than 25%, even with more intensive treatment, which might require further combination therapy to enhance anti-tumor immunity and eradicate all malignant cells. Therefore, this protocol includes multi-target CAR-T cell infusions followed by antigen-specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL)-based immunotherapy, which is based on T cells reacting with specific T-ALL tumor antigens and immune-modified dendritic cells (DCvac) fused with T leukemic cells as DC vaccines. In addition to the significant success of CAR-T cell therapy, various clinical studies also reported the importance and potential benefits of using tumor-specific T cells in different types of cancer. Moreover, DC-based vaccines as another agent of immunotherapy have proven to prevent or delay relapse in leukemia patients achieving remission. In this study, we combine those strategies to augment anti-tumor immunity in patients and expect undetectable NGS-MRD, a long-lasting remission to prevent disease recurrence.~We propose a novel protocol which combines multi-CAR-T cell therapy, engineered immune effector CTLs and DCvac against T-ALL. The aim of this study is to evaluate the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of the NGS-MRD analysis-based combinational immunotherapy."
22262241|NCT05590221|This is a prospective, open-label, multicenter, single-arm trial, assessed the efficacy and safety of JWCAR029(relma-cel) as part of first-line therapy after an incomplete first-line treatment regimen of two cycles of chemoimmunotherapy. High-risk LBCL was defined by the dynamic risk assessment of interim PET2+, together with either double- or triple-hit lymphomas or high-intermediate- and high-risk IPI scores (≥3). All sujects will be followed for 2 years following JWCAR029 infusion.
22194144|NCT04532281|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory CD19+ B-cell hematological malignancies, including acute lymphoblastic leukemia and B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. Two groups of patients will be enrolled, 36 in each group. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose- related safety.
22194147|NCT04532203|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory central nervous system CD19+ B-cell hematological malignancies, including acute lymphoblastic leukemia and B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. The selections of dose levels and the numberof subjects are based on clinical trialsof similar foreign products. Two groups of patients will be enrolled, 36 in eachgroup. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22319432|NCT05020392|"Anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell has shown dramatical efficacy in B cell malignancies. And Bruton tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor agents have been validated as an effective drug to treat B cell malignancies. Combined therapies comprising ibrutinib (a BTK inhibitor) and anti-CD19 CAR-T cells in patients with CLL after ibrutinib failure are considered feasible and safe.~Ibrutinib is the first-generation BTK inhibitror and Zanubrutinib is the second-generation BTK inhibitor. Orelabrutinib is a newly developed BTK inhibitor with high selectivity and have received its approval in China. Autologous cells derived T cells are purified and transduced with a lentiviral vector encoding the humanized CD19 scFv.~To evaluate whether the addition of BTK inhibitor (Ibrutinib, Zanubrutinib and Orelabrutinib) in anti-CD19 CAR-T cells therapy would further improve efficacy and safety, we intend to conduct this pragmatic clinical trial."
22319444|NCT04881240|"This is a Phase I dose escalation study using a 3+3 study design. Two groups of patients will be evaluated in this study: group A - patients have received a prior stem cell transplant from their CAR T-cell donor; group B - patients have not received a prior stem cell transplant from their CAR T-cell donor. There will be up to 30 participants per group and a donor/ family member for each patient.~."
22319530|NCT03938987|"Anti-CD19/4-1BB/CD3ζ CAR T-cell: autologous, unselected CD3+ lymphocytes collected from whole blood or apheresis, transfected with a lentiviral vector containing a 2nd generation chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) consisting of a scFv recognizing CD19 and dual co-stimulatory intracellular signaling domains (4-1BB and CD3ζ). All patients will receive lymphodepleting, conditioning chemotherapy in the form of cyclophosphamide (500 mg/m2/day) and fludarabine (30 mg/m^2/day) on Days -5, -4, and -3 prior to a CAR T-cell intravenous, single dose administration on Day 0.~Phase 1b: Dose Finding/Escalation Dose Level 1: 0.5 x 10^6/kg Dose Level 2: 1.0 x 10^6/kg Dose Level 3: 2.0 x 10^6/kg~Phase 2: Expansion Patients will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy as indicated prior to receiving the CAR T-cell intravenous, single dose administration on Day 0 at the RP2D as identified during Phase 1b."
22194399|NCT04718883|"This is a phase II, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study conducted in adult subjects with relapsed and refractory (R/R) mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) in China to evaluate the safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics(PK), pharmacodynamics(PD) of JWCAR029 and immune response after JWCAR029 treatment.~R/R MCL patients will be enrolled in dose level of 1.0 x 10^8 CAR+ T cells. All subjects will be followed for 2 years following JWCAR029 infusion."
22262790|NCT05546723|In this open label, dose escalation study, up to four dose levels of autologous BAFF ligand CAR-T cells (LMY-920) will be evaluated for treatment relapsed and refractory myeloma. BAFF receptor family includes B-cell activating factor receptor (BR3), B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) and transmembrane activator and calcium modulator and cyclophilin ligand interactor (TACI). The maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of LMY-920 will be determined using dose-escalation 3+3 design. The primary goal of this study is to determine recommended phase II dose of human LMY-920 in patients with relapsed or refractory myeloma.
22380956|NCT05472857|Following consent, patients must have tumor tissue evaluated by CLDN18.2 IHC assay. Patients meeting all eligibility criteria will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to collect autologous mononuclear cells for manufacture of investigational drug product (IMC002). Following manufacture of the drug product, subjects will receive preconditioning prior to IMC002 infusion. All subjects will be asked to continue to undergo long-term gene safety follow-up.
22262842|NCT05388695|This study is open single-arm prospective clinical study To relapse/refractory blood B cell tumor patients as the subjects, according to the expression of tumor cells, gives the corresponding double targets CART cell injection treatment, follow-up observation of the adverse reactions and the treatment effect of the drug to the data (at least 2 years), assessment of double targets CAR - T Long-term efficacy and safety of cell injection
22380985|NCT05477927|"In this study, VEGFR1 will be used as the general target of serosal cavity metastasis of malignant tumor, and the dual-targeting CAR-T of VEGFR1/PD-L1 will be injected in to pleural or peritoneal cavity of patients with advanced serous cavity metastases, such as ovarian cancer, breast cancer, lung cancer and gastric cancer, who had nearly no response to standard treatment. The safety and effectiveness will be evaluated. The safety evaluation standard refers to the standard of CTCAE 5.0. The evaluation standard of effectiveness refers to the evaluation standard of solid tumor curative effect RECIST 1.1 to evaluate the curative effect.~There are two part of this study, the first is dose escalation part, 18 patients with malignant tumor (failure of standard treatment will be enrolled at least, patients with peritonea cavity metastases are planned to be enrolled in the cohort 1, and those with pleural cavity metastasis are enrolled in the cohort 2. The second is dose expansion part, the curative effect has observed in the first part, and after the DLT observation period of the related dose group was finished, the PI will decided whether to conduct the dose expansion research finally. It was planned to enroll 40 patients with serous cavity metastases , two cohorts were divided the same as mentioned above in dose escalation part."
22262863|NCT05312801|"LMY-920 is an autologous CAR-T cell therapy consisting of autologous cluster of differentiation 4 (CD4) positive and cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8) positive human T cells that are genetically engineered using the non-viral transposon system to express the BAFF-ligand CAR-T that target BAFF receptor family members to eliminate malignant B cells.~BAFF receptor family includes B-cell activating factor receptor (BR3), B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) and transmembrane activator and calcium modulator and cyclophilin ligand interactor (TACI). These receptors are present on non-Hodgkin lymphoma.~The goal of LMY-920-001 phase 1 study is to find recommended phase 2 dose of LMY-920 for treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma."
22128797|NCT05513612|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells targeted CD19 have demonstrated unprecedented successes. Besides CD19, many other molecules such as CD123, BCMA, and CD7 may be potential in developing the corresponding CAR-T cells to treat patients with hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. UTC Therapeutics Inc. have developed an efficient platform for constructing CAR-T cells that can remodel of tumor microenvironment and enhance the anti-tumor immune response and persistence of CAR-T cells. In this study, all eligible subjects will receive a conditioning chemotherapy regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide followed by investigational treatment, CAR-T cells. Safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic of the CAR-T cells will be assessed.
22320585|NCT03674463|Multiple myeloma (MM) is a usually incurable malignancy of plasma cells. Current therapies for multiple myeloma often cause remissions, but nearly all patients eventually relapse, there is an unmet clinical needs for these patients. B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) is a protein expressed by normal plasma cells and the malignant plasma cells of multiple myeloma, and it was supposed to be a promising target for r/r MM.
22381452|NCT04973527|This is an open, dose escalation/dose extension study of LCAR-T2C CAR-T cells administered to patients with T lymphocyte tumor. The aim of the study is to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of LCAR-T2C CAR-T cells. The auto-CAR-T cells will be infused in single-dose.
22327713|NCT04969354|"We designed a clinical study and divided the trial into two phases.~Phase 1 (climbing test) : 12 patients were randomly divided into 4 groups (n=3). 12 patients were treated with cyclophosphamide at the dose of 60mg/kg/d 8-7 days before CAR-T cell infusion, and fludalabine at the dose of 25mg/m^2/d 6-2 days before CAR-T cell infusion. 5 mg anti-human CAIX monoclonal antibody (G250) was injected into the hepatic artery of each patient by an interventional catheter on the day before CAR-T cells infusion. On Day 0, CAR T cells were injected into patients in group 1, 2, 3 or 4 at the dose of 1x10^7/ person, 1*10^8/ person, 1*10^9/ person or 1*10^10/ person, respectively. The infusion time is about 15-30min. On day 0-14, IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was injected subcutaneously once a day. From day 15-28, IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was subcutaneously injected into the patients three times a week. The purpose of this study is to assess subjects' MTD (maximum tolerated dose) against CAR T cells.~Phase 2: After determining the appropriate therapeutic dose for patients with renal cell carcinoma, 8 patients received the same pre-treatment of chemotherapy and G250 antibody. Then, the appropriate therapeutic dose of CAR T cells according to the results of phase 1 was infused on Day 0. On day 0-14,IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was given subcutaneously once a day. On day 15-28, IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was given subcutaneously three times a week.~Peripheral blood was collected every 4 weeks to evaluate proliferation and survival of CAR-T cells. After 6 months of close follow-up, subjects will undergo a medical history evaluation, physical examination, and blood tests quarterly for 2 years. After this assessment, subjects will be enrolled in an annual telephone follow-up and questionnaire study for up to five years to evaluate treatment for long-term health problems, such as recurrence of malignant tumors."
22263469|NCT02664363|"Please note that enrollment on this study terminated early due to the end of grant funding.~Following consent, subjects were enrolled onto dose-escalation cohorts. Patients will underwent leukapheresis to harvest Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs) for the generation of EGFRvIII CAR T cells prior to beginning RT and concurrent TMZ. T cells were isolated from the patient's PBMCs and transduced to express the CAR. Briefly, PBMCs were stimulated with Muromonab-cluster of differentiation 3 (CD3) (OKT3), an anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody (mAb), and transduced on RetroNectin® coated plates. Transduced cells were expanded in interleukin-2 (IL-2) for 14 days.~Patients then completed standard of care RT and concurrent TMZ. Patients who remained eligible after standard of care radiation and TMZ received up to 3 cycles of TMZ at 50-100 mg/m^2/day for 21 days of 28 day cycles, which is the standard dose-intensified (DI) TMZ regimen. If the CAR-specific T cells did not meet release criteria, the patient was withdrawn before CAR treatment and replaced.~At least 48 hours after the last dose of DI TMZ, the total dose of EGFRvIII CAR T cells were delivered intravenously. If sufficient CAR-specific T cells could not be generated to meet the targeted assigned dose within the dose-escalation portion of the study, the patient was have been treated at a lower pre-defined dose level using available CAR-specific T cells and replaced in the assigned higher dose. The administered dose would have been the highest defined dose level for which there are sufficient CAR-specific T cells available. Within the expanded cohort, if sufficient CAR-specific T cells could not be generated to meet the MTD dose, all available T cells would be administered.~Following the infusion of EGFRvIII CARs, blood samples for immune monitoring were drawn 1, 5, and 10 days after the infusion, then 1, 3, and 6 months, then yearly until progression (or death or lost to contact). The return visits for immune monitoring at 3 months, 6 months, and yearly coincided with SOC clinic visits. Blood was also taken for Replication Competent Retrovirus (RCR) Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) per the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) at 3, 6, and 12 months during SOC clinic visits. Lastly, blood for evaluation of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) was drawn prior to cell infusion, 1 and 4 hours after infusion, and on days 1, 2, 5, 10, and at one month. Measurements for CRS included IL-2, IL-6, Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha (TNFα), interferon (IFN) gamma, Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), and C-reactive protein (CRP).~Patients returned to clinic one month following the EGFRvIII CAR T cell infusion to be evaluated for cycles of SOC 5-day TMZ at 150-200 mg/m^2/day for the first 5-day cycle, followed by 200 mg/m^2/day for 5-days every 28 days per the treating oncologist. This resulted in a >30 day delay between the last cycle of DI TMZ and the first cycle of 5-day TMZ.~Tumor progression was documented histologically, unless there were clinical contraindications, to exclude inflammatory responses presenting as radiographic or clinical changes, which could indicate a potentially toxic or therapeutic responses and not tumor progression. If tissue was obtained through Duke Brain Tumor Center Biorepository, it was used to confirm tumor progression histologically, and to assess immunologic cell infiltration and EGFRvIII antigen escape at the tumor site. Patients would be eligible for additional adjuvant therapy at the time of tumor progression.~A classical 3+3 study design was planned to estimate the MTD for CAR-specific T cells treatment among patients with newly-diagnosed GBM. Four dose levels were to be considered: #1: 4.5 x 10^6/kg, #2: 1.5 x 10^7/kg, #3: 4.5 x 10^7/kg, and #4: 1.5 x 10^8/kg. Starting with the lowest dose level, cohorts of 3-6 subjects would be accrued at each dose level. If a patient was lost to follow-up during the first 4 weeks after CAR treatment without experiencing a dose-limiting toxicity (DLT), then the patient was not considered evaluable for the determination of DLT and would be replaced. The MTD was considered to be the highest dose level at which ≤1 of 6 patients experienced DLT during the 4-week observation period after CAR treatment. Only 3-patient cohort was enrolled at the the first dose level due to grant funding ending.~An expanded cohort of 12 patients was planned at the MTD of EGFRvIII CAR T cells, in order to obtain a more precise estimate of the probability of unacceptable toxicity. This cohort would have the cells radiolabeled with 111In to track their distribution. Briefly, CARs would have been counted and re-suspended in phosphate buffered saline (PBS). 4-6x10^8 cells would be labeled with a total of 500 microCi of 111In. The cells would be washed and mixed with cold CARs to achieve the desired cell dose. The labeled CARs would be infused into the patient through an intravenous catheter within the Ambulatory Bone Marrow Transplant (BMT) Unit. Distribution of 111In-labeled EGFRvIII CARs would be evaluated at 1, 2, and 3 days post-infusion using scintigraphy. There was no enrollment on the expanded cohort due to grant funding ending."
22321007|NCT03559764|"Multiple myeloma（MM） is one of the most common malignant diseases in the blood system.There is still no cure for the disease which only control the development of the disease in various ways.CAR - T cells was taken in the form of genetic modification, and specific identified target antigen monoclonal antibody of single variable region (scFv) expression in T cell surface, and coupled with the activation of intracellular proliferation signal domain. The study will follow a 3 + 3 design of dose-escalating cohorts. After a patient enrolls,leukapheresis will be performed to obtain peripheral blood mononuclear cells which will be sent to a manufacturing site to produce anti- BCMA CAR T cells. The cells will then be returned to the investigational site and, after a standard chemotherapy based conditioning regimen, will be administered to the patient. Treated patients will undergo serial measurements of safety, tolerability and response.~In order to lay a foundation for the application of relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with CAR-T therapy，objects are refractory/ relapsed patients with multiple myeloma,and plans to into the group of the number of cases in 20 cases."
22263611|NCT03958656|"Background:~Multiple myeloma (MM) is a nearly always incurable malignancy of plasma cells.~T cells can be genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) that target malignancy-associated antigens.~Signaling lymphocytic activation molecule F7 (SLAM7) is highly and uniformly expressed on MM cells but is absent on normal tissues except for some leukocytes, including a subset of cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8)+ T cells, natural killer (NK) cells, B cells, plasma cells and monocytes.~We have constructed a novel anti-SLAMF7 CAR that can specifically recognize SLAMF7- expressing target cells and eradicate SLAMF7-expressing tumors in mice.~This protocol will test genetic modification of autologous T cells with genes encoding an inducible caspase 9 (IC9) cell-suicide system plus the anti-SLAMF7 CAR.~Administration of the dimerizer drug Rimiducid (AP1903) is necessary to activate the inducible caspase 9 (IC9) suicide gene and eliminate CAR T cells.~In this protocol, the suicide gene system will be used to eliminate CAR-expressing T cells in case of severe toxicities caused by the CAR T cells.~Possible toxicities include cytokine-associated toxicities such as hypotension, and neurological toxicities. Elimination of NK cells and normal plasma cells could make patients more susceptible to infections. Unknown toxicities are also possible.~Objectives:~Primary~- Determine the safety, feasibility of administering T cells expressing an anti-SLAMF7 CAR plus IC9 cell-suicide system to patients with MM.~Eligibility:~Greater than or equal to 18 years of age and less than or equal to age 73.~Patients must have measurable MM defined as a serum M-protein >=0.6 g/dL or a urine M-protein >=200 mg/24 hours or an involved serum free light chain (FLC) level >=10 mg/dL (provided FLC ratio is abnormal) or a biopsy-proven plasmacytoma of 1.5 cm or more in largest dimension, or greater than or equal to 30% bone marrow plasma cells.~Patients must have previously received at least 3 different treatment regimens for MM.~Patients must have prior exposure to an immunomodulatory drug (IMiD) such as lenalidomide, and a proteasome inhibitor~Patients must have a creatinine level of less than or equal to 1.5 mg/dL~Patients must have a cardiac ejection fraction >= 50%.~An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-2 is required.~Patients on any anticoagulant medications except aspirin are not eligible.~No active infections are allowed.~Absolute neutrophil count >= 1000/microL, platelet count >= 55,000/microL, hemoglobin >= 8g/dL~Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) less than or equal to 2.5-fold higher than the upper limit of normal.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and the required leukapheresis.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment and initiation of protocol treatment. Systemic therapy includes corticosteroids at a dose equivalent to more than 5 mg of prednisone.~Bone marrow plasma cells must make up less than or equal to 50% of total bone marrow cells less than or equal to 24 days prior to the start of protocol treatment.~The patient's MM will need to be assessed for SLAMF7 expression by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry performed at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The myeloma must express SLAMF7. If unstained, paraffin-embedded bone marrow or plasmacytoma sections are available from prior biopsies, these can be used to determine SLAMF7 expression by immunohistochemistry; otherwise patients will need to come to the NIH for a bone marrow biopsy or other biopsy of a plasmacytoma to determine SLAMF7 expression. The sample for SLAMF7 expression can come from a biopsy obtained at any time before enrollment.~Design:~This is a phase I dose-escalation trial~Patients will undergo leukapheresis, and T cells will be modified to express the IC9-anti-SLAMF7 CAR construct.~The chemotherapy conditioning regimen is cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m^2 daily for 3 days and fludarabine 30 mg/m^2 daily for 3 days. The intent of chemotherapy is to enhance CAR T-cell activity.~After the chemotherapy ends, the patients will have two days with no treatments and then receive an infusion of CAR T cells.~The initial dose level will be 0.66x10^6 Anti-SLAMF7-CAR + T cells/kg of recipient bodyweight.~The cell dose administered will be escalated for up to 4 doses until a maximum tolerated dose is determined.~Following the T-cell infusion, there will be a mandatory 9-day minimum inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~Outpatient follow-up is planned for 2 weeks, and 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, and 12 months after the CAR T-cell infusion. Afterwards, follow-up will be every six months up to at least 3 years after infusion."
22321184|NCT00881920|"To prepare the lymphoma, MM or CLL specific T cells investigators will take 240 ml (up to 16 tablespoonfuls)of blood from the patient. This would be drawn as 2 (two) separate blood collections of 120 ml (up to 8 tablespoonfuls) of blood.~To get the kappa antibody (with CD28) to attach to the surface of the T cell, investigators inserted the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps investigators find the T cells in the patient's blood after they're injected. Because the patient has received cells with a new gene in them patients will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to grow and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation. Because of that, if the level of circulating T cells is relatively high or the patient has B-CLL, the patient may receive treatment with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine (Cy and Flu) prior to the infusion of the T cells. This drug will decrease the numbers of the patients own T cells before infusion of the kappa-CD28 T cells. Although investigators don't expect any effect on the tumor with the dose that the patient will receive, this drug is part of many regimens that are used to treat lymphoma, MM or CLL. If you are already receiving chemotherapy, this may not be needed.~Patients will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV line. If s/he receives Cy and Flu as stated above, the T cells will be given no sooner than 24 hours afterwards. If the patient has recently received other chemotherapy, the T cells will be given at least 24 hours after their last chemotherapy. The injection will take about 20 minutes. Investigators will follow the patient in the clinic after the injection. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~If after a 4-6 week evaluation period after the infusion, the patient seems to be experiencing a benefit (confirmed by radiological studies, physical exam and/or symptoms), the patient may be able to receive additional doses of the T cells if they wish. These additional infusions would be at least 4-6 weeks apart and at the same dose level they received the first time or a lower dose. If the patient's circulating T cells are relatively high prior to any additional doses of T cells, they may receive Cy and Flu beforehand."
22321504|NCT05626400|The CARs consist of an anti-CD7 single-chain variable fragment（scFv）, a portion of the human CD137（4-1BB） molecule, and the intracellular component of the human CD3ζ molecule. Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.
22321698|NCT05208853|"This study is a single-center, open-label, single dose study of anti CD30 CAR-T cells injection in treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory CD30+ lymphoma.~This study intends to include CD30-positive patients with relapsed/refractory CD30+ lymphoma, and subjects will receive a single injection of anti CD30 CAR-T cells after screening, Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cell (PBMC) collection, and lymphodepletion chemotherapy pretreatment. Response assessments for lymphoma subjects will base on 2018 Lugano Classification."
22382335|NCT04219319|This is an open, dose escalation/dose extension study of LCAR-T2C CAR-T cells administrered to patients with T lymphocyte tumor. The aim of the study is to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of LCAR-T2C CAR-T cells. The auto-CAR-T cells will be infused in single-dose.
22264465|NCT03851146|"To autologous peripheral blood T-lymphocytes transduced with the anti-LeY-scFv-CD28-ζ vector in patients with LeY expressing advanced solid tumours. evaluate the safety and tolerability of an intravenous infusion of autologous peripheral blood T-lymphocytes transduced with the anti-LeY-scFv-CD28-ζ vector in patients with LeY expressing advanced solid tumours.~Aims:~To evaluate the safety and tolerability of an intravenous infusion of autologous peripheral blood T-lymphocytes transduced with the anti-LeY-scFv-CD28-ζ vector in patients with LeY expressing advanced solid tumours.~Primary Objectives To determine the maximum tolerated dose and rate of dose limiting toxicities of a single intravenous infusion of autologous peripheral blood T-lymphocytes transduced with the anti-LeY-scFv-CD28-ζ vector in patients with LeY expressing advanced solid tumours (LeY CAR T cells).~Secondary Objectives i. To assess the anti-tumour activity of the LeY CAR T cells in terms of overall response, duration of response, progression free survival and overall survival.~ii. To assess persistence in peripheral blood of the LeY CAR T cells.~The study will recruit an anticipated number of 12 patients in the dose escalation phase consisting of 4 dose levels, each with dose level cohorts of 3 patients. Following completion of the dose-escalation phase, additional patients with Le Y expressing solid tumours will be recruited to the study. These patients will be administered the maximum number of cells safely delivered in the dose escalation phase of the study. A subset comprising 5 patients in the expansion cohort will be administered Indium-111 labelled T-cells and imaged by SPECT to determine the biodistribution of reinfused T cells.~If the proposed number of T cells is unable to be obtained due to technical production reasons, the available number will be infused.~It is anticipated that up to 30 patients will be treated on this protocol."
22322214|NCT05106946|ThisCART22 cell is a non-gene-editing allogeneic CAR-T cell targeting CD22. This study is designed to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of ThisCART22 in patients with CD22 positive, relapsed and/or refractory non-Hodgkin's B cell lymphoma (r/r B-NHL).
22130981|NCT05190653|"Problem: patients undergoing HSCT and CAR T-cell therapy experience high symptom burden (physical, psychological, spiritual), lack illness and prognostic understanding (which can adversely impact medical decision making). Research has found that patients with blood cancers experience poor end-of-life (EOL) quality indicators such as disease-directed therapy in the weeks before death, emergency room visits in the weeks before death, intensive care unit (ICU) admissions near the EOL, low rates of hospice use, and dying in hospital. Family caregivers (CGs) of patients undergoing HSCT and CAR T-cell therapy experience impaired QOL, physical and psychosocial concerns, and have expressed that their needs have not been adequately addressed by care teams. Palliative care, with its multidisciplinary approach and focus on improving QOL from a holistic perspective, can help reduce symptom burden and improve QOL, improve illness and prognostic understanding, and improve EOL care for patients undergoing HSCT and CAR T-cell therapy and their family CGs. This trial will assess the effectiveness of early PC in improving QOL for patients and their family CGs undergoing HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy for hematological malignancies.~Objectives The objectives for this study were developed after extensive review of the literature as well as were informed by preliminary data derived from an ongoing qualitative study that sought the perspectives of patients, family CGs, and clinicians regarding the integration of PC in HSCT.~Objective 1: To examine the impact of an outpatient PC intervention on patient-reported QOL for patients undergoing HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy Hypothesis: patients randomized to the PC intervention will report greater improvement in QOL at 1-month post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy and at 3 months post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy compared to patients receiving standard care.~Objective 2: To examine the impact of an outpatient PC intervention on symptoms at 2 weeks, 1 month, and 3 months post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy for patients undergoing HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy Hypothesis: patients randomized to the PC intervention will report a greater reduction in physical symptoms at 2 weeks, 1 month, and 3 months post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy compared to patients receiving standard care~Objective 3: To examine the impact of an outpatient PC intervention on family CG QOL at 1 month and 3 months post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy for CGs of patients undergoing HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy Hypothesis: family CGs of patients randomized to the PC intervention will report greater improvement in QOL compared to family CGs of patients receiving standard care~Objective 4: To examine the impact of an outpatient PC intervention on patient and family CG understanding of prognosis.~Hypothesis: patients and family CGs randomized to the PC intervention will report more accurate prognostic understanding compared to those receiving standard care~Exploratory objective 1: To evaluate whether an outpatient PC intervention is associated with overall survival at 1 and 5 years post-study enrolment.~Methods This is a prospective pragmatic randomized clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of an outpatient PC intervention integrated with standard care compared to standard care alone in 152 patients undergoing HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy. Randomization will be stratified by type of treatment: autologous transplant, allogeneic transplant, or CAR T-cell therapy. A pragmatic approach was selected given the desire to assess the effectiveness of integrating early PC in HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy. Previous studies have examined the efficacy of PC in oncology in patients with advanced cancer. This study will build the work of El-Jawahri et al. who studied the impact of inpatient PC on patients undergoing HSCT with the main difference being that participants will be recruited in the outpatient setting and the intervention will be delivered in the outpatient setting. Selected outcomes have been chosen as they are congruent with patient, family CG and clinician perspectives, based upon the qualitative study that was undertaken by the PI (R Booker) in 2020-2021.~Data Collection Participants will be emailed a secure link for the questionnaires. Data from questionnaires will be collected electronically using Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap). Email reminders will be sent to participants to remind them to complete the surveys and if necessary, a research assistant will contact patients and family CGs to provide reminders to complete the surveys.~Following randomization, participants (patients and family CGs) will be asked to complete baseline questionnaires and demographic information (such as age, gender, diagnosis, urban/rural residence, religious affiliation, highest level of education, main CG (for patients), main source of support (for family CGs) will be collected via REDCap. The next evaluation will occur during the second week following HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy. For participants undergoing autologous HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy (and their family CGs), the second evaluation will occur on day +5 (with a 48-hour window). For participants undergoing allogeneic HSCT (and their family CGs), the second evaluation will occur on day +8 (with a 72-hour window). These time points were chosen based upon the study conducted by El-Jawahri et al. who indicated they selected the time points to coincide with the peak of severity in symptoms based upon the type of transplant being performed. All patients and family CGs will also complete questionnaires at 1 and 3 months post HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy. Data collection will be done remotely, with links to questionnaires sent via email completed via REDCap. As part of the consent process, participants will be asked if they would consider completing questionnaires at 6-12 months post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy. Patient participants will also be asked if they consent to the researchers accessing their medical charts until 5 years post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy in order to collect disease and treatment information.~Data Analysis Exclusive intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis may not be aligned with patient-centered outcomes and as such, this study will use both ITT and per protocol analyses. For any imbalances between the intervention and control groups, sensitivity analyses while be conducted and g-methods will be used to adjust for confounders that may vary over time. As per the revised CONSORT guidelines for reporting parallel-group randomized trials, the investigators will collect and report the reasons for participants lost to follow-up as well as the reasons why any participants' data were excluded from analysis.~Analysis Plan Primary Outcome To assess the primary outcome of the study, difference in QOL, as measured by the MQOL-E, between the intervention group and the standard care group will be compared. Because QOL will be assessed at multiple time points, area under the curve (AUC) will be used to calculate a summary score for each patient. Assessing multiple domains over time increases the possibility of Type I error. In particular, because it is expected that patient trajectories of QOL will be non-linear, AUC seems more appropriate than using specific time points as the latter may underestimate or overestimate treatment differences. Summary scores will be averaged across all patients in both the intervention and standard care arms and differences between the groups will be assessed using t-tests. The summary profiles for patients will be presented in graphical form for the MQOL and FACT-BMT.~Analysis Plan - Secondary Outcomes Family CG QOL will be analyzed using AUC and comparing the two groups using t-tests. For patient symptom burden, as measured by the ESAS, symptom scores will be tracked over time for each patient. An overall summary score for the ESAS will not be used given the diversity of symptoms assessed by the ESAS as well as the possibility that patients can add another symptom or concern to the tool. The latter would mean that there could be different symptoms being reported amongst participants, thereby making it difficult to compare groups. Patient and family CG prognostic understanding will be assessed using t-tests to compare the intervention group and standard care group at two time points, pre-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy and at 3 months post-HSCT/CAR T-cell therapy."
22323385|NCT03525782|This is a combined phase 1 and 2 clinical study. The study is to assess the safety and efficacy of the anti-MUC1 CAR T cells and /or PD-1 knockout engineered T cells for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The treatment outcomes will be compared.
22383486|NCT03994913|This study is a single-arm, open label, phase I/II clinical trial to evaluate the safety, efficacy and cellular kinetics of CT032 CAR-CD19 T cells in patients with R/R B-NHL. The study is composed of two stages, Phase I stage is for dose escalation and recommendation of phase 2 dose, and Phase II stage is to verify the efficacy and safety of the dose proposed.
22323549|NCT04173988|This is a single center, open label, single arm, dose escalation study to explore the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic / pharmacodynamic profile of CD19-Directed Allogeneic Chimeric Antigen Receptor T- cell (alloCART-19) in pediatric patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The study will also assess the preliminary efficacy of CD19-Directed Allogeneic Chimeric Antigen Receptor T- cell (alloCART-19). For this exploratory clinical trial, approximately 3-6 patients will be enrolled. During dose escalation, at least one evaluable patient will be enrolled at each dose level. Once DLT is reached, 1 to 3 additional patients will be enrolled at the dose level below DLT, which has been tested and determined to be safe in the trial, to evaluate the optimal safe and therapeutic dose to be approved by the investigator and sponsor.
22383581|NCT04136275|"This is a two-part, non randomized, open label, single site Phase 1 study. Participants who fulfill eligibility criteria will be entered into the trial Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR)-37 T Cells (CAR-37 T Cells).~This study consists of 2 parts:~Part A (Dose Escalation): The investigators are looking the highest dose of the study intervention that can be administered safely without severe or unmanageable side effects in participants that have relapsed or refractory CD37+ hematologic malignancies, not everyone who participates in this research study will receive the same dose of the study intervention. The dose given will depend on the number of participants who have been enrolled prior and how well the dose was tolerated~Part B (Expansion Cohort): Part B: Expansion Cohort: Participants will be treated at the respective dose (at or below the Maximum Tolerated Dose), as determined during Part A (Dose Escalation).~A total of 18 participants will be enrolled to this trial~This research study is a Phase I clinical trial, which tests the safety of an investigational intervention and also tries to define the appropriate dose of the investigational intervention to use for further studies.~Investigational means that the intervention is being studied The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved CAR-37 T Cells as a treatment for any disease.~This is the first time that CAR-37 T Cells will be given to humans"
22131649|NCT04608487|"This research study is a Phase I clinical trial, which tests the safety of an investigational drug and also tries to define the appropriate dose of the investigational drug to use for further studies. Investigational means that the drug is being studied. This study will examine the safety and efficacy of axi-cel in participants who either currently or previously had had central nervous system involvement of their lymphoma.~The name of the study drug involved in this study is axi-cel. Axi-cel is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy that is manufactured using a person's own white blood cells. A virus is used to introduce a gene that creates a protein (called a CAR) on the surface of T cells, a type of blood cell that fights infection and can eliminate cancer cells. The CAR on the T cells may bind to and kill cells that express CD19, a molecule that is found on B-cell lymphomas. CAR-T cells (including axi-cel) designed to target CD19, a protein present on B lymphocytes have been used to treat patients with CD19+ tumors. This adoptive cell therapy (ACT) approach has shown significant and durable clinical benefits in the treatment of CD19+ tumors. Axi-cel has been FDA approved for the treatment of relapsed and refractory aggressive B cell lymphomas that occur outside the central nervous system and have recurred after two or more prior therapies.~Participants will receive two chemotherapy medicines, fludarabine and cyclophosphamide. These drugs are not intended as direct cancer treatment but instead to help axi-cel work with less interference from immune system cells.~The research study procedures include screening for eligibility and study treatment including leukapheresis, evaluations and follow up visits.~Participants will receive study treatment once and will be followed for up to 15 years.~It is expected that about 18 people will take part in this research study.~Kite Pharma, a pharmaceutical company, is supporting this research study by providing axi-cel."
22196864|NCT04715217|A non randomized study ,plans to enrollment 24 subjects of B cell lymphoma .The subjects will divide into low, medium and high dose groups，to evaluate the safety and tolerability of CD19-CD22 CAR - T cells，to evaluate the preliminary efficacy and observe PK/PD parameters of CD19-CD22 CAR -T cells immunotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell lymphoma .
22265847|NCT04007978|"Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells (CAR-T cells) have the capabilities to recognize tumor associated antigen and kill tumor cells specifically. CAR-T therapy showed great effect on patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell malignancies. CAR consists of single chain variable fragment (scFv) and activation domain of T cell. In preclinical study, the researchers constructed a third generation CAR containing CD137 and CD28 costimulatory domains.~This study aims to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of anti-CD22 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell Malignancies."
22132136|NCT01593696|"Background:~Chimeric antigen receptors (CAR) that recognize the cluster of differentiation 19(CD19) antigen have been constructed and are in clinical trials at several institutions. In this trial, the Pediatric Oncology Branch (POB) will utilize a chimeric receptor containing the signaling domains of cluster of differentiation 28 (CD28) and cluster of differentiation 3 (CD3)-zeta, currently under study in the Center for Cancer Research (CCR) in adults, for children and young adults with CD19 expressing malignancies.~In co-cultures with CD19-expressing acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells, anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cells show robust killing, and in xenograft models, can rapidly clear CD19- expressing ALL cell lines.~Objectives:~Primary: To determine the safety and feasibility of administering escalating doses of anti-CD19-CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes in two strata (prior allogeneic stem cell transplant [SCT] vs. no prior SCT) of children and young adults with B cell malignancies following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine preparative regimen. COMPLETED March 2014.~Primary: To determine the safety of administering cells in two groups of children and young adults with B-cell malignancies expressing CD19:~Arm 1 - Patients without high-burden disease or patients for whom chemotherapy toxicity is a concern will receive standard preparative regimen.~Arm 2 - Patients with high-burden disease who receive standard chemotherapy to reduce burden, (defined as patients with ALL who have M3 bone marrow blasts and/or presence of peripheral blood blasts on routine complete blood count (CBC), or patients with lymphoma).~Primary: To determine the feasibility of administering anti-CD19 CAR transduced T cells within 21 days of the target date in children and young adults with B-cell malignancies expressing CD19 enrolled on arm 2: Patients with high-burden disease who receive standard chemotherapy to reduce burden.~1) Secondary: 1) To determine if the administration of anti-CD19-CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes can mediate antitumor effects in children with B cell high-burden disease after standard chemotherapy, or in patients without high-burden disease who receive standard preparative regimen. 2) To evaluate the ability of CRS treatment algorithm to reduce the incidence of Grade 4 Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) to less than or equal to 10% of patients. 3) To measure persistence of adoptively-transferred anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cells in the blood, bone marrow and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of patients. 4) To describe the toxicity of administration of anti-CD19-CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes in children and young adults with central nervous system (CNS) disease.~Eligibility:~Patients 1-30 years of age, at least 15 kg, with a CD19-expressing B-cell malignancy that has recurred after or not responded to one or more standard chemotherapy-containing regimens for their malignancy and is deemed incurable by standard therapy. Patients with a history of allogeneic stem cell transplant who meet all eligibility criteria are eligible to participate.~Design:~PBMC will be obtained by leukapheresis. Anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be manufactured from fresh or frozen peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). On Day -7, PBMC will be enriched for cluster of differentiation 3 (CD3)+ cells and cultured in the presence of anti-CD3/-cluster of differentiation 28 (CD28) beads followed by retroviral vector supernatant containing the anti-cluster of differentiation 19 (CD19) CAR. Total culture time is approximately 7-14 days.~Patients will be divided into the 2 groups listed above.~Arm 1: Patients will begin preparative regimen comprising fludarabine 25 mg/m(2) on Days -4, -3 and -2 and cyclophosphamide 900 mg/m(2) on day -2.~Arm 2: Patients with high-disease burden will be treated with intensive standard of care chemotherapy to decrease disease burden during cell manufacturing.~All patients: The CD19-CAR cells will be infused on Day 0, with up to a 72h delay allowed for fresh cells or a 21 day delay if cells are cryopreserved, if needed for resolution of clinical toxicities or to generate adequate cell numbers.~The previously determined maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of 1 X 10(6) will be administered intravenously.~Patients will be monitored for toxicity, response and T cell persistence."
22324410|NCT02932956|"Approximately 18-30 subjects will participate in the treatment part of this study.~Maximum of 180 mL of blood (not exceeding 3ml/kg/day) is collected from patients to grow the T cells and a retrovirus (a special virus that can insert the GPC3 CAR gene into the T cells) is used to genetically engineer them. After the CAR gene was put into the T cells, the investigators make sure that they are able to kill GPC3 positive solid tumor cells in the laboratory.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY:~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation. Because of that, participants will receive treatment with cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the participants' own T cells before the investigators infuse the GAP T CELLS.~WHAT THE INFUSION WILL BE LIKE:~After making these cells, they will be frozen. If the patient agrees to participate in this study, at the time the patient is scheduled to be treated, the cells will be thawed and injected into the patient over 5 to 10 minutes. The participant will receive the GAP T CELLS 48 to 72 hours after completing the chemotherapy.~This is a dose escalation study, which means that the investigators do not know the highest dose of GAP T cells that is safe. To find out, the investigators will give the cells to at least 3 participants at one dose level. If that is safe, the investigators will raise the dose given to the next group of participants. The dose each patient gets depends on how many participants get the agent before that patient and how they react. The investigator will tell each patient this information. This will help the participant think about possible harms and benefits. Since the treatment is experimental, what is likely to happen at any dose is not known.~All of the treatments will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function.~Pregnancy test (if the participant is a female who can get pregnant)~If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Measurements of the participant's tumor by scans and the tumor marker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the participant's tumor produces this protein.~Medical tests during and after treatment:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will repeat the test and monitor the levels of the virus~Measurements of the participant's tumor by scans (4-6 weeks after the infusion) and AFP (if applicable at 1, 2, and 4 weeks after the infusion).~Tumor biopsy between 2-4 weeks after the infusion and as clinically indicated thereafter. For additional clinically indicated tumor biopsies, investigators will ask for a portion of the sample for research.~FOLLOW-UP STUDIES~The investigators will follow the participant during and after the injections. To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the participant's body, up to 60 mL (upto 12 teaspoons, no more than 3ml/kg/day) of blood will be taken from the participant before the chemotherapy, before the T-cell infusion, 1 to 4 hours after the infusion, 3 to 4 days after the infusion (this time point is optional ) at 1 week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks and 8 weeks after the injection, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years and then every year for the next 10 years. Total participation time for this study will be 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the participant's blood at a certain amount an extra 5 mL of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~The investigators will use this blood to look for the frequency and activity of the cells that the investigators have given; that is, to learn more about the way the T cells are working and how long they last in the body. The investigators will also use this blood to see if there are any long-term side effects of putting the new gene (chimeric antigen receptor, CAR) into the cells. In addition to the blood draws, because the participants have received cells that have had a new gene put in them, the participants will need to have long term follow up for 15 years so the investigators can see if there are any long-term side effects of the gene transfer.~Once a year, the participants will be asked to have their blood drawn and answer questions about their general health and medical condition. The investigators may ask the participants to report any recent hospitalizations, new medications, or the development of conditions or illness that were not present when the participants enrolled in the study and may request that physical exams and/or laboratory tests be performed if necessary.~When tumor biopsy is performed for clinical reasons the investigators will request permission to obtain excess sample to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease.~In the event of death, the investigators will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease and if there were any side effects from the cells with the new gene.~In addition, the investigators would like to ask for participant permission to use tumor biopsy for research purposes only. Associated risk with the biopsy will be discussed with each participant in detail in a procedure specific consent form. The investigators will test the sample to see if the GAP T cells can be found in the tumor and what effect they had on the tumor cells.~If participants develop a second abnormal cancer growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested."
22197081|NCT04714827|A non randomized study ,plans to enrollment 24 patients of B cell lymphoma ，divided into low, medium and high dose groups，to evaluate the safety and tolerability of CD19-BCMA CAR - T cells immunotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell lymphoma ，to evaluate the preliminary efficacy and observe PK/PD parameters of CD19-BCMA CAR - T cells immunotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma .
22197270|NCT04714593|A non randomized study ,plans to enrollment 24 subjects of acute B lymphocytic leukemia .The subjects will divide into low, medium and high dose groups，to evaluate the safety and tolerability of CD19-CD22 CAR - T cells，to evaluate the preliminary efficacy and observe PK/PD parameters of CD19-CD22 CAR -T cells immunotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory acute B lymphocytic leukemia .
22132610|NCT04406610|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) is a recombinant receptor with both antigen-binding and T cell activating functions. Chimeric antigen receptor T cell Immunotherapy has more advantages compared with conventional immunotherapy, especially in dealing with patients of hematologic malignancies and solid malignant tumors.This study design a novel specific Chimeric antigen receptor aiming at GD2 antigen.After CAR-T cell infusion,At periodic intervals, the investigators will evaluate clinical symptoms Improved conditions of this disease.Through this study,the investigators will evaluate the safty and effectiveness of CAR-T cell immunotherapy in treating with GD2 positive glioma patients.
22325235|NCT04976218|Chimeric antigen receptor modified T (CART) cell therapy has been identified as a breakthrough therapy in hematologic malignancies. Different from the promising efficacy in leukemia, lymphoma and multiple myeloma, however, CART cell therapy yielded no satisfactory efficacy data in the study of solid tumors. One of major challenges is the complicated immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment (TME) in solid tumors. It has been reported that transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) is one of the major regulatory factors in the TME, which plays a key role in promoting tumor initiation, metastasis, and suppressing anti-tumor immunity. In this phase Ⅰstudy, we plan to construct CAR-EGFR-TGFβR-KO T cell by knocking out TGF-β receptor Ⅱ through CRISPR/Cas9 in order to study the anti-tumor activities and safety profiles of CAR-EGFR-TGFβR-KO T cell in the treatment of previously treated advanced EGFR antigen overexpressing solid tumors.
22325304|NCT05038696|Patients will receive CART-cells with one or more specificities according to the phenotypic profile of the leukemic cells in each individual patient. This will allow targeting the entire leukemia cell population to induce deeper and more durable remissions. Although it would be possible to administer CART-cells targeting all possible antigens to all patients, this indiscriminate approach would increase the CAR T-cell dose and hence, the risk of toxicity in patients that could be effectively treated with a lower, less toxic, CAR T-cell dose. Moreover, the cost of the procedure increases proportionally with the number of CAR T-cells used, limiting our capacity to enrol other patients. Reducing the number of CART-cells below the dose that we set, will inevitably increase the risk of treatment failure, according to the literature and our own experience.
22384812|NCT04150913|"This Phase 2, single center, open-label research study is studying the combination of Anakinra and Axicabtagene Ciloleucel to reduce the occurrence of the side effects Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) and neurologic toxicities in people with relapsed or refractory Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).~The research study procedures include screening for eligibility and study treatment including evaluations and follow up visits.~This research study involves two drugs:~Anakinra~Axicabtagene Ciloleucel~A total of 20 participants will be enrolled to this trial~The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved anakinra for use in treatment of Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)."
22266804|NCT04045847|Patients autologous T cells are activated and then engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) specific for CD147(CD147-CART). CAR-T cells are expanded in culture and returned to the patient by Ommaya Reservoir at specific cell doses. Three CD147-CART doses patient are planned at 1-week intervals. Serum cytokine level and CAR-T cell number will be measured in whole treatment session.
22132992|NCT03696030|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and recommended phase 2 dosing (RP2D) of intraventricularly administered memory-enriched autologous HER2(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ T cells (HER2-chimeric antigen receptor [CAR] T cells) - either HER2(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ TCM in Arm 1, or HER2(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ TN/MEM in Arm 2 - in participants with brain and/or leptomeningeal metastases from HER2 positive cancers.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and peripheral blood for HER2-CAR T cell persistence and endogenous immune system activation.~II. Describe changes in cytokine levels in the CSF and peripheral blood. III. Describe changes in circulating tumor cells in the CSF.~IV. In study participants who complete at least the first three cycles of HER2-CAR T cell infusions:~IVa. Describe the CNS clinical benefit defined as disease response rate based on Response Assessment in Neuro-Oncology Criteria (RANO) criteria (stable disease [SD], partial response [PR], or complete response [CR] in the brain).~IVb. Describe the systemic clinical benefit based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria.~IVc. Estimate the median central nervous system (CNS) progression-free and overall survival rates (mPFS and mOS), (newly diagnosed versus recurrent metastases).~V. In study participants who undergo tumor resection or biopsy during or after study treatment or upon autopsy, evaluate the tumor micro-environment for:~Va. HER2-CAR T cell persistence. Vb. Immune cell subsets. Vc. Cytokine levels. Vd. HER2 antigen expression levels. VI. Use biomathematical modeling of tumor growth to evaluate benefit of treatment.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study.~Patients receive HER2-CAR T cells via intraventricular administration over 5 minutes once weekly for 3 doses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. If patients continue to meet all eligibility criteria, they may receive additional cycles of HER2-CAR T cells at principal investigator's discretion.~After completion of study treatment, participants are followed up at 4 weeks, 3, 6, 8, 10, and 12 months, and then for up to 15 years."
22384935|NCT01454596|"BACKGROUND:~- Patients with recurrent gliomas have very limited treatment options. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).~(EGFRvIII) is the most common mutant variant of EGFR and is present in 24-67% of patients with glioblastoma.~EGFRvIII expression promotes oncogenesis and is associated with poor prognosis.~EGFRvIII is not expressed in normal tissue and is an attractive target for immunotherapy.~We have constructed a retroviral vector that contains a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that recognizes the EGFRvIII tumor antigen, which can be used to mediate genetic transfer of this CAR with high efficiency without the need to perform any selection.~OBJECTIVES:~Primary Objectives~To evaluate the safety of the administration of anti-EGFRvIII CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes in patients receiving the non-myeloablative, lymphodepleting preparative regimen and aldesleukin.~Determine the six month progression free survival of patients receiving anti-EGFRvIII CAR-engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes and aldesleukin following a nonmyeloablative, lymphodepleting preparative regimen.~ELIGIBILITY:~Histologically proven glioblastoma or gliosarcoma expressing EGFRvIII as determined by immunohistochemistry (IHC) or Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR)~Failed prior standard treatment with radiotherapy with or without chemotherapy~Karnofsky performance score (KPS) greater than or equal to 60~Cardiac, pulmonary and laboratory parameters within acceptable limits~DESIGN:~The study will be conducted using a Phase I/II design.~Patients will receive a non-myeloablative, lymphodepleting preparative regimen consisting of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine followed by intravenous infusion of ex vivo tumorreactive, CAR gene-transduced peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), plus intravenous (IV) aldesleukin.~Once the maximum tolerated cell dose (MTD) has been determined, the study will proceed to the phase II portion.~In the phase II portion of the trial, patients will be accrued to two cohorts:~Patients with recurrent malignant glioma receiving steroids at the time of treatment.~Patients with recurrent malignant glioma not receiving steroids at the time of treatment.~A total of 107 patients may be enrolled over a period of 7 years."
22384956|NCT02215967|"BACKGROUND:~Multiple myeloma (MM) is a malignancy of plasma cells.~MM is nearly always incurable.~T cells can be genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) that specifically target malignancy-associated antigens.~Autologous T cells genetically modified to express CARs targeting the B-cell antigen cluster of differentiation 19 (CD19) have caused complete remissions in a small number of patients with leukemia or lymphoma. These results demonstrate that CAR-expressing T cells have anti-malignancy activity in humans.~B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) is a protein expressed by normal plasma cells and the malignant plasma cells of multiple myeloma.~BCMA is not expressed by normal cells except for plasma cells and some mature B cells.~We have constructed an anti-BCMA CAR that can specifically recognize BCMA-expressing target cells in vitro and eradicate BCMA-expressing tumors in mice.~Anti-BCMA-CAR-expressing T cells have not been previously tested in humans.~We hypothesize that anti-BCMA-CAR-expressing T cells will specifically eliminate~BCMA-expressing MM cells in patients~-Possible toxicities include cytokine-associated toxicities such as fever, hypotension, and neurological toxicities. Elimination of normal plasma cells and unknown toxicities are also possible.~OBJECTIVES:~Primary~-Determine the safety and feasibility of administering T cells expressing an anti- BCMA CAR to patients with MM.~Secondary~Evaluate the in vivo persistence of anti-BCMA CAR T cells~Assess for evidence of anti-myeloma activity by anti-BCMA CAR T cells~ELIGIBILITY~Patients must have measurable MM defined as a serum M-protein greater than or equal to 0.4 g/dL or a urine M-protein greater than or equal to 200 mg/24 hours or an involved serum free light chain (FLC) level greater than or equal to 10 mg/dL (provided FLC ratio is abnormal) or a biopsy-proven plasmacytoma.~Patients must have previously received at least 3 different treatment regimens for MM.~Patients must have a normal creatinine and a normal cardiac ejection fraction.~An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 -2 is required.~Patients on any anticoagulant medications except aspirin are not eligible.~No active infections are allowed.~Absolute neutrophil count greater than or equal to 1000/ L, platelet count greater than or equal to 45,000/ L, hemoglobin greater than or equal to 8g/dL~Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate transaminase (AST) less than or equal to 2.5-fold higher than the upper limit of normal~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and the required leukapheresis.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids) and initiation of protocol treatment.~Bone marrow plasma cells must be 30% or less of total bone marrow cells 30 days or less prior to the start of protocol treatment.~The patient's MM will need to be assessed for BCMA expression by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry performed at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). If unstained, paraffinembedded bone marrow or plasmacytoma sections are available from prior biopsies, these can be used to determine BCMA expression by immunohistochemistry; otherwise patients will need to come to the NIH for a bone marrow biopsy or other biopsy of a plasmacytoma to determine BCMA expression. The sample for BCMA expression can come from a biopsy obtained at any time before enrollment.~DESIGN:~This is a phase I dose-escalation trial~Patients will undergo leukapheresis~T-cells obtained by leukapheresis will be genetically modified to express an anti- BCMA CAR~Patients will receive a lymphocyte-depleting chemotherapy conditioning regimen with the intent of enhancing the activity of the infused anti-BCMA-CAR-expressing T cells.~The chemotherapy conditioning regimen is cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m^2 daily for 3 days and fludarabine 30 mg/m^2 daily for 3 days. Fludarabine will be given on the same days as the cyclophosphamide.~Two days after the chemotherapy ends, patients will receive an infusion of anti- BCMA-CAR-expressing T cells.~The initial dose level of this dose-escalation trial will be 0.3x10^6 CAR+ T cells/kg of recipient bodyweight.~The cell dose administered will be escalated until a maximum tolerated dose is determined for patients in which less than 50% of total bone marrow cells are plasma cells.~With Amendment C, all patients with 50% or greater bone marrow plasma cells will receive 3x10(6) anti-BCMA CAR T cells/kg.~Following the T-cell infusion, there is a mandatory 9-day inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~Outpatient follow-up is planned for 2 weeks, and 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, and 12 months after the CAR T-cell infusion.~Repeat treatments are possible for patients with residual MM and no greater than grade 2 toxicity with an initial treatment.~Re-enrollment will be allowed for a small number of subjects."
22325706|NCT05150522|"For the treatment of relapsed and refractory MM, the Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Multiple Myeloma pointed out that relapsed MM is highly heterogeneous, and individualized evaluation of relapsed patients is required to determine the treatment time. Patients with biochemical recurrence with only elevated M protein do not need immediate treatment, only regular follow-up visits. For patients with CRAB manifestations or rapid biochemical relapse, treatment needs to be initiated immediately. Patients who relapse within 6 months can switch to a drug combination with other mechanisms of action; patients who relapse within 6 to 12 months should first switch to a drug combination with other mechanisms of action, or they can be retreated with the original drug; 12 months Patients with the above recurrence can use the original regimen to re-induction therapy, or switch to a drug regimen with other mechanisms of action. Bortezomib, lenalidomide, and thalidomide are currently the key drugs for the treatment of relapsed MM in China. Patients with suitable conditions should undergo autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, while allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is rarely used because of higher transplant-related mortality.~BCMA (B cell maturation antigen), also called TNFRSF17 (TNF receptor superfamily member 17, TNF ligand superfamily member 17), is mainly expressed in plasma cells and mature B lymphocytes, is basically undetectable in other normal human cells . BCMA is the most selectively expressed receptor on the MM cell line, and its expression gradually increases with the differentiation of B cells, and it also gradually increases in the disease process of multiple myeloma. Experiments in mice found that overexpression of BCMA can induce protein kinase B, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and nuclear factor kB (nuclear factors kB, NF-kB) signal cascade to enhance the growth and survival of MM cells, thereby Speed up the progress of MM; and down-regulation of BCMA expression can significantly reduce the formation of MM colonies and reduce the survival rate of MM cells. BCMA has become an ideal antigen target for MM because of its high selective expression in MM cell lines and its important role in normal and malignant late B cell proliferation, differentiation and antibody production."
22133069|NCT03774654|"Earlier, a healthy donor provided blood to make ANCHOR cells in the laboratory. These cells were grown and frozen for later use. To make the ANCHOR cells, the investigators took the donor blood and stimulated it with growth factors to make the NKT cells grow. To get the CD19 antibody, CD28 and IL-15 into the NKT cells, they were infected with a virus, called a retrovirus. This virus cannot grow and infect other cells, but delivered a new genetic message into the ANCHOR cells that provides the instructions for the cells to make the CD19 antibody, CD28 and IL-15. This new genetic message will also help the investigators to find the ANCHOR cells in the blood after they are injected. Because patients will have received cells with a new gene in them, patients will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~Patients will be assigned a dose of ANCHOR cells. This is a dose escalation study. This means that at the beginning, patients will be started on the lowest dose of ANCHOR cells. Once that dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at a higher dose. This process will continue until all 3 dose levels are studied. If the side effects are too severe, the dose will be lowered or the infusions will be stopped.~In this study, patients will receive treatment with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the patients own immune cells before the ANCHOR cells are infused.~The patient will be given an injection of ANCHOR cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose. Before receiving the injection, the patient may be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol. The injection will take about 20 minutes. The patient will then be monitored in the clinic for up to 2 hours. Certain patients with aggressive lymphomas will need to be admitted to the hospital for the first three days after receiving the cells. Patients will need to stay in Houston for 4 weeks after the ANCHOR cell infusion to monitor them for side effects. Patients will have follow-up visits 3 times per week at weeks 1, 2, 3, 4, and once during week 6; months 3, 6, 9, and 12; twice a year for 4 years and then once a year for the next 10 years - for a total of 15 years). Patients will also have scheduled disease evaluations after the ANCHOR cell infusion (at week 4 and then as clinically needed).~The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy in Texas Chidren's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of tumor by scans and/or bone marrow studies~A urine or serum pregnancy test, when applicable~Medical tests during and after treatment--~Patients will receive standard medical tests when getting the infusions and afterwards. The evaluations that will be done at these visits include:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the tumor by scans at 4-6 weeks, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months and 12 months~If you have disease in the bone marrow, measurements of your tumor by bone marrow studies at 8-12 weeks, 6 months, 9 months and 12 months after the infusion.~To learn more about the way the ANCHOR cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. On the day patients receive the cells, blood will be taken before the cells are given and a few hours afterwards. Other blood will be drawn one week after the infusion, 2 weeks, 3 weeks (optional), 4 weeks, and 6 weeks after the infusion, at 3 months, at 6 months, at 9 months, at 1 year, twice a year for 4 years, then yearly for the next 10 years - for a total of 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the ANCHOR cells are found in the patient's blood above a certain amount, an extra 5 mL of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~If the patient has a biopsy of a lymph node, like a repeat tumor or bone marrow study, the investigators may ask to have a piece for research purposes.~Patients will receive supportive care for any acute or chronic toxicities, including blood components or antibiotics, and other intervention as appropriate."
22326189|NCT03576807|"The main purpose:~To preliminary explore the safety, tolerability and cellular pharmacokinetics of CD20-CART cell agents in the treatment of relapsed or refractory B-cell lymphomas.~The Secondary purpose:~The following indicators for preliminary observations of CD20-CART cells in the treatment of relapsed or refractory B-cell malignant lymphoma.~The determination of lymph nodes to evaluate the anti-tumor effect caused by the input of CD20-CART cells agents.~Assessing the ability of CD20-CART cell agents to inhibit the migration of bone marrow and lymph node tumor foci.~Assess the killing ability of CD20-CART cell agents to tumor cells in vitro, for patients whose tumor cells could obtain.~Disease control rate (DCR) (=CR (complete disease remission) + PR (partial remission of disease) + SD (stable disease), short-term efficacy assessment); Overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) (long-term efficacy assessment)."
22326515|NCT02194374|"Standard Blood Draw or Leukapheresis (to collect T cells):~If you are found to be eligible to take part in this study, you will have T cells collected from your blood. This will be done by a standard blood draw or a procedure called leukapheresis. Your doctor will determine which is the best method is to collect your T cells.~If blood is collected through a standard blood draw, blood (less than 7 tablespoons) will be drawn over 1-2 days using one or more needle sticks in your arm.~If you are going to have leukapheresis, you may visit the Apheresis Clinic at MD Anderson. For the leukapheresis procedure, you will need to stay seated in a chair and keep both arms still for about 3 hours. Blood will be drawn from 1 arm, white blood cells will be separated from the rest of the blood cells in the leukapheresis machine, and the red cells, platelets, and plasma (liquid part of the blood) will be returned through your other arm. The leukapheresis procedure may require a total of 4-6 hours each day for up to 2 days.~Your white blood cell sample will be sent to a lab at MD Anderson so the genetically-changed T cells can be grown in the lab.~It will take up to about 4 weeks to change and grow enough genetically-changed T cells. If researchers are unable to create a high enough dose of T cells for you in the lab, you may have more blood collected or you will be taken off study. You may have other treatment for CLL/SLL while you wait for production of the genetically-changed T cells. The study doctor will discuss other possible methods of treatment with you.~Study Groups:~You will be assigned to a level of genetically-changed T cells based on when you join this study. Up to 3 levels of genetically-changed T cells will be tested. Up to 6 participants will be enrolled at each level. The first group of participants will receive the smallest number of T cells. Each new group will receive a higher level than the group before it, if no intolerable side effects were seen. This will continue until the highest tolerable level of genetically-changed T cells is found, or the highest level being tested is reached (whichever happens first).~When the highest level is found, an additional 12 patients will receive genetically- changed T cells at that level.~Chemotherapy:~Within 4 or 5 days before you receive your T cell infusion, you will receive 1 of 3 different FDA approved, standard combinations of chemotherapy, chosen by your doctor for you. These combinations are each given over 2-3 days, and must be completed before you receive your T cells. The days before you receive your T cells will be referred to as negative days (for example, 5 days before you receive your T cells will be called Day -5). The drug combinations are known as FCR, FBR, and BR.~If you receive FCR, you will receive fludarabine and cyclophosphamide by vein, both over at least 30 minutes each day on Days -5, -4, and -3. You will also receive rituximab by vein over at least 4 hours on Day -5.~If you receive FBR, you will receive fludarabine and bendamustine by vein, both over at least 30 minutes each day on Days -5, -4, and -3. You will also receive rituximab by vein over at least 4 hours on Day -5.~If you receive BR, you will receive bendamustine by vein over at least 30 minutes each day on Days -4 and -3. You will also receive rituximab by vein on Day -4.~No matter what you receive, you will then rest 2 days in which you receive nothing before your T cell infusion.~T cell Infusion(s):~Before your infusion of genetically-changed T cells, you will be given standard drugs to help decrease the risk of side effects. You may ask the study staff for information about how the drugs are given and their risks.~You will receive your genetically-changed T cells over about 30 minutes on Day 1. During the infusion, your vital signs (including your temperature, heart rate, blood pressure, and breathing rate) will be measured every 15 minutes for the first hour, then every 30 minutes for the second hour, and then about 1 hour after that.~If there are still T cells left over after your infusion, and no intolerable side effects are seen during the first 4 weeks after your infusion, you may receive a second infusion. If you do, you may also receive another course of chemotherapy (as described above).~Study Visits:~About 14 days (+/- 7 days) before receiving your T cell infusion:~You will have a physical exam.~Blood (about 4 tablespoons) will be drawn for routine tests. This routine blood draw will include a pregnancy test if you can become pregnant.~Because the gene transfer process uses mouse antibodies, this may cause your body to make human antibodies to the mouse-based antibody. These antibodies are called HAMA. Part of the routine blood sample described above will be used to compare against a sample of your blood collected after the treatment is complete, to check if you developed an immune system reaction against these mouse protein antibodies.~Blood (about 4 tablespoons) will be drawn for baseline research tests to study how your immune system responds after receiving the T cell infusion.~If the doctor thinks it is needed, you will have computed tomography (CT) scans, positron emission tomography - CT (PET-CT) scans, and/or a bone marrow biopsy to check the status of the disease.~The following tests and procedures will be performed within 24 hours after your T cell infusion, daily (not including weekends or holidays) for the first week after the infusion, then 1, 2, and 3 weeks (+/-3 days), as well as 1 month (+/- 5 days), and 3, 6, and 12 months (+/- 14 days) after the infusion:~You will have a physical exam.~Blood (about 4 tablespoons) will be drawn for routine tests. Part of this blood sample will be used to check for HAMA immune system reactions 1, 2, and 3 weeks, as well as 1, 3, 6, and 12 months after your T cell infusion. If you leave the study early, then your blood will be checked for HAMA at that time.~Blood (about 4 tablespoons) will be drawn for research tests to study how your immune system is responding to the T cell infusion.~If your doctor thinks it is needed, you may need CT scans, PET-CT scans, and/or a bone marrow biopsy to check the status of the disease (3, 6, or 12 months after the last T cell infusion only).~Length of Study:~You may receive up to 2 T cell infusions, depending on how many T cells are produced. You will not receive a second T cell infusion if the disease gets worse, you have intolerable side effects, or you have difficulty following the study directions. Your participation on this study will be over when you have completed the study visit at 12 months after the last T cell infusion.~Long-Term Follow-Up:~For safety reasons, the FDA requires that patients who receive infusions of stem cells treated with a gene transfer procedure must have long-term follow-up for at least 15 years after receiving the gene transfer. After you have received an infusion of the T cells you will be asked to sign a separate consent form for a long-term follow-up named Long-Term Follow-Up Study of Recipients of Gene Transfer Research Protocols (Protocol 2006-0676).~This is an investigational study. The chemotherapy drugs in this study are commercially available and FDA approved. The gene transfer and infusion with genetically-changed T cells are not commercially available or FDA approved for use in this type of disease. Their use in this study is investigational.~Up to 48 patients will take part in this study. All will be enrolled at MD Anderson."
22326881|NCT02905188|"A maximum of 30 subjects will participate in the treatment part of this study.~Up to 180ml of blood is collected from patients to grow the T cells. The T cells are grown and a retrovirus (a special virus that can carry the GPC3 CAR gene into the T cells) is used to genetically engineer them. After the CAR gene is put into the T cells, the investigators make sure that they are able to kill hepatocellular carcinoma cells in the laboratory.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY:~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation. Because of that, participants will receive treatment with cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the participants' own T cells before the investigators infuse the GLYCAR T CELLS.~WHAT THE INFUSION WILL BE LIKE:~After making these cells, they will be frozen. If the patient agrees to participate in this study, at the time the patient is scheduled to be treated, the cells will then be thawed and injected into the patient over 5 to 10 minutes. The participant will receive the GLYCAR T CELLS 48-72 hours after completing the chemotherapy. The participant may be pretreated with Tylenol (acetaminophen) and Benadryl (diphenhydramine). Tylenol and Benadryl are given to prevent a possible allergic reaction to the T cell administration.~This is a dose escalation study, which means that the investigators do not know the highest dose of GLYCAR T cells that is safe. To find out, the investigators will give the cells to at least 3 participants at one dose level. If that is safe, they will raise the dose given to the next group of participants. The dose each patient gets will depend on how many participants get the agent before that patient and how they react. The investigator will tell each patient this information. This will help the patient think about possible harms and benefits. Since the treatment is experimental, what is likely to happen at any dose is not known.~All of the Treatments will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Houston Methodist Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function and blood clotting (INR).~If the patient is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) we will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Pregnancy test (if the patient is a female who can get pregnant)~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans (within 4 weeks before chemotherapy) and the tumor marker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the patient's tumor produces this protein.~Tumor biopsy~Medical tests during and after treatment:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function and blood clotting (INR)~If the patient is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) we will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Measurements of the tumor maker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the patient's tumor produces this protein~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans (8 weeks after the infusion +/- 1 week)~Tumor biopsy (optional)~FOLLOW-UP STUDIES~The investigators will follow the participant during and after the injections. To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the participant's body, up to 60 mL (12 teaspoons) of blood will be taken from the participant before the chemotherapy, before the T-cell infusion, 3 to 4 hours after the infusion, 3 to 4 days after the infusion (this time point is optional ) at 1 week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks and 8 weeks after the injection, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years and then every year for the next 10 years. Total time participation for this study will be 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the participant's blood at a certain amount an extra 5mL of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~The investigators will use this blood to look for the frequency and activity of the cells that they have given; that is, to learn more about the way the T cells are working and how long they last in the body. They will also use this blood to see if there are any long-term side effects of putting the new gene (chimeric antigen receptor, CAR) into the cells. In addition to the blood draws, because the participants have received cells that have had a new gene put in them, they will need to have long term follow up for 15 years so the investigators can see if there are any long term side effects of the gene transfer.~Once a year, participants will be asked to have their blood drawn and answer questions about their general health and medical condition. The investigators may ask participants to report any recent hospitalizations, new medications, or the development of conditions or illness that were not present when they enrolled in the study and may request that physical exams and/or laboratory tests be performed if necessary.~Prior to procurement we confirmed GPC3-expression in your tumor by obtaining part of a biopsy sample that was done for clinical purposes. We will obtain an additional tumor biopsy at 2 weeks after treatment for research purposes. These samples will be used to look for GPC3-CAR T cells in the tumor and to learn more about the effects of the treatment on your disease.~In the event that a tumor biopsy is performed for clinical reasons the investigators will request permission to obtain excess sample to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease. In the event of death, the investigators will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease and if there were any side effects from the cells with the new gene.~If participants develop a second abnormal cancer growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested (if a sample can be obtained)."
22326953|NCT04952272|"Percutaneous microwave ablation or intratumor injection of drug-eluting beads to destroy cancer cells to release tumor-specific antigens~Intratumor injection of type A/C CpG-ODN with or without infusion of CAR-T cells secreting scFv against OX40~Assessing side effects and therapeutic efficacy after the combined treatments"
22386052|NCT04034446|This is a single arm, open-label, single center study to determine the safety and efficacy of CD19-CD22 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory B-ALL. The study will have the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation & Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), Treatment and Follow-up, and Survival Follow-up. The total duration of the study is 2 years from CD19-CD22 CAR-T cell infusion.
22133799|NCT04390542|"This is a two-group, randomized pilot study to test the feasibility, acceptability, usability, satisfaction and preliminary efficacy of a behavioral (psychoeducation) intervention, as compared to a usual care (information from healthcare providers) control group, on caregiver outcomes. The control and intervention groups will receive the standard University Hospitals Seidman Cancer Center (SCC) binder of relevant information regarding care of the patient undergoing HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy. This information will be given to the caregiver by the health care provider. In addition, the intervention group will receive 6 individual sessions with an interventionist during all phases of HSCT or CAR T-cell therapy. The independent variable is group assignment.~The primary objective of this study is to explore the feasibility and acceptability of a psycho-educational intervention designed for caregivers of patients receiving HSCT (allogenic or autologous) or CAR T-cell therapy.~The secondary objective of this study is to explore the usability, satisfaction and preliminary efficacy of a psycho-educational intervention designed for caregivers of patients receiving HSCT (allogenic or autologous) or CAR T-cell therapy."
22198324|NCT03271515|This is a multi-centre, non-randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of an Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Product named CD19 CD20 Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T-cells (CD19 CAR T-cells) in patients with high risk, relapsed CD19+ and CD20+haematological malignancies (Leukemia and lymphoma). Following informed consent and registration to the trial, patients will undergo an unstimulated leukapheresis for the generation of the CD19 CD20 CAR T-cells. Patients will receive the CD19 CD20 CAR T-cells following lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The study will evaluate the safety, efficacy and duration of response of the CD19 CD20 CAR T-cells in patients with high risk relapsed CD19+ malignancies.
22198375|NCT03271632|Multiple myeloma (MM) is a malignancy of plasma cells, which remains a clinical challenge despite advanced therapeutic interventions including novel molecular therapies and stem cell transplantation (SCT). This trial is to test the safety and efficacy of T cells genetically modified to specifically target several MM surface antigens, including BCMA, CD38, CD56, CD138 or alternative MM surface antigens, based on a multi-CAR T cell immunotherapy approach. Another goal of the study is to investigate the persistence and function of CAR T cells in the body after CAR T cell infusion.
22198538|NCT04702841|"γδT cells are known as a great candidate for car-t cells. Although they only account for 2% - 5% of all T cells in our body, they are a natural killer.~CD7 is recognized as a sensitive marker of T-ALL, and its expression level on T-ALL cells is opposite to CD3: compared with normal T cells, the expression level of CD7 on T-ALL cells is significantly increased (P < 0.001), while the expression level of CD3 on T-ALL cells is significantly decreased (P < 0.001). At the same time, CD7 expression is absent in about 10% of normal T cells, and these CD7 negative T cells have the ability of normal T cells to express cytokines. Therefore, CD7 has become a potential target for the treatment of T-ALL because of its specificity and safety."
22328109|NCT04732845|"This study seeks to determine the safety of the treatment of relapsed or refractory B cell lymphomas, relapsed/ refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia and relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia with chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting CD19 and to find the recommended phase II dose for this cellular therapy.~T cells are a type of white blood cell that helps the body fight infections. This treatment uses T cells already present within the body that have been modified outside of the body by a lentivirus and then returned to the participant by an infusion to target the cancer. Lentivirus is a family of viruses that can be used by scientists to alter cells, which then could be used to change the course of a disease. This type of treatment is sometimes referred to as adoptive cell transfer (ACT). In this study the specific type of cells that will be used is called human chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T cells). The CAR-T cells that will be reinfused to the body are modified using a lentivirus that is no longer active. The CAR-T cells will be returned to the body through an intravenous (IV) infusion. Another purpose of this study is to learn about the side effects and toxicities related to this treatment. Human CAR-T cell therapy is investigational (experimental) and works by removing T cells from the blood and modifying them to be able to target the cancer."
22328210|NCT03434769|"Primary Objective: To determine the safety of the treatment of relapsed or refractory B cell lymphomas with chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting cluster of differentiation antigen 19 (CD19) and to find the recommended phase II dose for this cellular therapy~Secondary Objectives~To describe the safety profile of the infusion of CAR-T cells targeting CD19.~To describe the toxicities related to infusion of CAR-T cells targeting CD19.~To describe the overall response rate and complete response rate of relapsed B cell malignancies treated with CAR-T cells targeting CD19."
22268264|NCT05225831|CD19-directed CAR-T cell therapy has shown promising results in the treatment of relapsed/refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. CD19 and CD22 are proteins usually expressed on the surface of the B leukemia cells. The dual-CARs enables the T-cells to recognize and kill the tumor cell through recognition of CD19 and CD22.
22334703|NCT04952584|"Earlier, healthy donors gave blood for us to make CD30.CAR-EBVST cells in the laboratory. These cells were grown and frozen and the investigators will select the donor which the investigators think is the best match for the patient. This is a dose escalation study. This means that at the beginning, patients will be started on the lowest dose (1 of 3 different levels) of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells. Once the lower dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at a higher dose. This process will continue until all 3 dose levels are studied. If the side effects are too severe, the dose will be lowered or the T cell infusion will be stopped. Both the risks and benefits of this study may be dose related. The investigators don't know the best dose that will provide benefit while minimizing the risks.~To enroll on this study, patients will need to have recovered from toxic effects of previous chemotherapy and not be receiving any other investigational agents. Patients cannot have received any tumor vaccines within the previous six weeks.~If patients agree to take part in this study, the investigators will ask the patients to adhere to the following study visits and procedure. After patients have signed the consent form, patients are required to come to the hospital for a series of standard medical screening tests, lymphodepletion chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, infusion with CD30.CAR-EBVST cell treatment and follow-up visits (See details below).~Screening tests~Screening tests include:~Blood tests [Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) testing] to help us identify the best match for the patient from the banked CD30.CAR-EBVST cells.~Blood tests for viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus [HIV], human T cell lymphotropic virus [HTLV], hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus.~Tumor biopsy test to check the status of CD30.~Once the investigators find that patients are eligible for this study, patients will be called for additional screening tests before treatment day. The screening tests include:~Physical examination~Vital signs tests to measure temperature, pulse, respiratory rate and blood pressure~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver functions~Urine test~Pregnancy test for women of child-bearing potential~Measurements of tumor by routine imaging studies~Lymphodepletion chemotherapy Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to multiply and grow to accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in the blood stream. Because of that, if patients have NOT had a bone marrow or stem cell transplant recently, patients will receive treatment with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine (chemotherapy drugs) before patients receive the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells if patients doctor thinks this is appropriate. This is called lymphodepletion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of patients own T cells before the investigators inject the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells. Although the investigators do not expect any effect on the patients tumor with the dose that the patients will receive, these drugs are part of many regimens that are used to treat lymphoma.~Treatment with CD30.CAR-EBVST cells Patients will be given one injection of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells. The CD30.CAR-EBVST cells will be injected into the vein through an IV line at the assigned dose. Before patients receive the injection, patients may be given a dose of acetaminophen or anti-histamine (Benadryl for example) to minimize any possible allergic reaction. The injection of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells will take within 10 minutes. The investigators will follow patients in the clinic after each injection for up to 3 hours. The patient will need to stay less than 2 hours away from the Medical Center for 4 weeks after the CD30.CAR-EBVST cell infusion so the investigator can monitor them for side effects.~At the discretion of the study doctor, if patients have stable disease (the lymphoma did not grow) or there is a reduction in the size of the patients lymphoma on imaging studies at week 6 after T-cell infusion or on subsequent evaluations, then patients may receive up to two additional doses of the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells at approximately 6 weeks intervals if patients wish to. Lymphodepletion chemotherapy may also be administered before additional doses of CD30.CAR-EBVST infusion. After each T-cell infusion, patients will be monitored to ensure that participants don't have a reaction to the infusion.~Follow-up visits~On follow-up visits after treatment, patients will also receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical examination~Vital sign tests to measure temperature, pulse, respiratory rate and blood pressure~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver functions~Urine tests (if clinically necessary)~Pregnancy test for women of child-bearing potential (if clinically necessary)~Measurements of tumor by routine imaging studies~After infusion of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells,the patients blood will be collected on follow-up visits at week 1, week 2, week 3, week 4, week 8, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 more years. Blood samples and tumor biopsies will also be periodically collected, based on the patients doctor's discretion for exploratory tests in the laboratory. After 5 years, in the event there is suspected or new cancer is detected, additional blood sample will also be collected for additional tests.~To learn more about the way the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells are working and how long they last in the body, the investigators will draw blood. The total amount of blood collected on any day is about 4-18 teaspoons (18-87 ml). This volume is considered safe but may be decreased if the patients are anemic. Patients blood will be drawn from a central line if participants have one. The total blood drawn during the patients participation in this study will not exceed 110 teaspoons (546 ml).~The investigators will also look at any scans or biopsies patients have had as standard of care."
22199028|NCT04700319|CD19 and CD20 are two proteins expressed in normal B cells and various B cell-derived hematological malignancies, including non Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), acute lymphoblastic leukemia (all) and chronic lymphoblastic leukemia (CLL). CD19 and CD20 are restricted to the surface of B cells. They are not expressed in hematopoietic stem cells, nor in other tissue cells. They exist in all stages of B cell development and differentiation. They are not lost from the cell surface until B cells differentiate into plasma cells. Clinical studies have found that CD19 and CD20 are excellent targets for immunotherapy of B-cell malignancies.The purpose of this study was to observe the efficacy and safety of treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory CD19 / CD20 positive B cell line hematological malignancies.
22328813|NCT04430530|"Anti-CD19 immunotherapy based on antibody conjugated drugs or CD19-CAR-T cells has demonstrated unprecedented positive response in relapsing/refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL). However, many patients still relapse and up to 30-50% of those relapses are characterized by the loss of CD19 surface antigen. Patients with CD19-negative relapse usually have a poor prognosis. The mechanisms underlying CD19-negative relapses are not fully understood and it is important to develop solutions to supplement post-CD19 immunotherapies.~Potential markers for recurrent leukemic blasts in an emerging CD19-negative blast population include many known B-cell lineage antigens. To prevent further target escape and improve the therapeutic effects, the 4th generation CAR gene-modified T cells targeting CD22, CD10, CD20, CD38, or CD123 have been considered in post anti-CD19 treatment. This study aims to evaluate safety and efficacy of administrating one or multiple non-CD19 targeting CAR-T cells to patients with CD19-escaped B cell malignancies."
22268681|NCT05393986|This is an open-label, single-arm, dose-escalation and dose-expansion, single/multiple infusion(s) exploratory study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK/PD and preliminary efficacy of CT048 in patients with advanced CLDN18.2+ solid tumors who had failed to at least 1 prior line of treatment.
22387677|NCT03240328|Despite the advent of combined antiretroviral therapy (cART), the persistence of viral reservoirs remains a major barrier to curing human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection. Recently, the shock and kill strategy, by which HIV-1 reservoirs could be eradicated following reactivation of latent HIV-1 by latency-reversing agents (LRAs), has been extensively practiced. It is important to reestablish virus-specific and reliable immune surveillance to eradicate the reactivated virus-harboring cells.the VC-CAR-T cells effectively induced the cytolysis of LRA-reactivated HIV-1-infected CD4 T lymphocytes isolated from infected individuals receiving successful cART. Our previous study demonstrated that the special features of genetically engineered CAR-T cells make them a particularly suitable candidate for therapeutic application in efforts to reach a functional HIV cure. In this clinical trial, we intend to study the safety and effectiveness of CAR-T Cell Therapy on HIV patients whose plasma HIV has been successfully suppressed after cART, by observing the adverse events, HIV-1 reservoir and the immune index.
22134905|NCT05256641|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine the safety and tolerability of maintenance acalabrutinib following cellular therapy in participants with large B-cell lymphoma at very high risk for relapse.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To estimate the effectiveness of maintenance acalabrutinib following cellular therapy in participants with large B-cell lymphoma at high risk for relapse.~II. To estimate the durability of remission after completion of acalabrutinib maintenance.~III. To estimate survival following completion of acalabrutinib maintenance. IV. To estimate the rate of conversion from partial response (PR) following chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy to complete response (CR) after the addition of acalabrutinib maintenance.~V. To estimate rates of dose reductions, dose pauses, and permanent discontinuations of acalabrutinib that occur post-cellular therapy.~VI. To estimate the rate of stage >= 2 graft-versus-host disease in participants receiving acalabrutinib post-allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation (alloHCT).~VII. To estimate the rates of grade 2, 3, and 4 hematologic toxicity in participants receiving acalabrutinib post-cellular therapy.~VIII. To estimate the rates of grade 2, 3, and 4 non-hematologic toxicity in participants receiving acalabrutinib post-cellular therapy.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate CAR T-cell persistence in the setting of acalabrutinib. II. To evaluate changes in immunophenotype of peripheral blood mononuclear cells before and after initiation of acalabrutinib, and changes at time of relapse.~III. To evaluate changes in circulating tumor deoxyribonucleic acid (ctDNA), intracellular cytokine and phospho-protein profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells before and after initiation of acalabrutinib, and changes at time of relapse.~IV. To determine if there are signs of central nervous system (CNS) penetration of acalabrutinib.~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 of 3 groups.~GROUP I (ALLOHCT GROUP): Beginning day 90, patients receive acalabrutinib orally (PO) once daily (QD) and then( orally, twice daily (PO BID) once no longer on prophylactic antifungal (CYP34A inhibitors) until day 365 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~GROUP II (AUTOLOGOUS STEM CELL TRANSPLANTATION [ASCT] GROUP): Beginning day 60, patients receive acalabrutinib PO QD and then PO BID from day 74 if there are no dose reductions until day 365 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~GROUP III (CAR-T CELL THERAPY GROUP): Beginning anytime between days 28-104, patients receive acalabrutinib PO BID until day 365 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days."
22328927|NCT04861480|This is a multi-center, single-arm, open-label study. The study plans to set up 3 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 9-18 subjects with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.C-4-29 cells will be infused to the subject by intravenous infusion.
22199352|NCT02893189|"Patients will receive escalating doses of 4G7-CARD T-cells (after pre-conditioning with Fludarabine and Cyclophosphamide), paralleling clinical standard of care with unmanipulated donor lymphocytes. Intra-patient dose escalation will proceed at intervals of not less than 8 weeks, dependent on development of toxicity or evidence of efficacy and confirmation by the Trial Management Group.~Three dose cohorts levels are planned, and dosing will be according to total CD3+ T- cell dose as this correlates with toxicity in the unmanipualated donor lymphocyte setting:~Dose Level 1: 1x10^6 CD3+ T-cells/kg (starting dose for all patients)~Dose Level 2: 3x10^6 CD3+ T-cells/kg~Dose Level 3: 1x10^7 CD3+ T-cells/kg~The inter-patient dosing for the first 3 patients was at least 28 days, following TMG confirmation.~Patients will be followed up regularly during the interventional phase of the study until 12 months post-final 4G7-CARD T-cell infusion. During the long term follow up phase of the study (years 2-3 post-final 4G7-CARD T-cell infusion) patients will be followed-up annually for overall survival, disease status and safety.~All patients will enter long term follow up until 3 years post-final 4G7-CARD T-cell infusion."
22134953|NCT04735471|"ADI-001 is an investigational immunotherapy composed of allogeneic gamma delta T cells that is being evaluated as a potential treatment for patients diagnosed with B cell malignancies who have relapsed or are refractory to at least two prior regimens. This first-in-human study will assess the safety and tolerability of ADI-001 and is designed to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) or maximum assessed dose (MAD). Patients will be administered a single infusion or multiple infusions of ADI-001 cells. The study will include the following two parts:~Part 1 : dose escalation and extension. Parts 1a (escalation) and 1b (extension) will involve escalation and administration of single dose of ADI-001 and multiple doses of ADI-001.~Part 2 : dose expansion will involve dose administration of ADI-001 at MTD/MAD as determined in Part 1.~The study will also assess the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ADI-001."
22328986|NCT04429438|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy has proven effective in treating B cell malignancies. However, post CD19-CART relapses occur at high rate due to the CD19 antigen loss or the exhaustion of CART cells. Furthermore, the success of treating relapsed/refractory B cell lymphoma (BCL) such as primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma (PMBCL) and CNS-involved BCL has been limited. To overcome tumor escape and prolong in vivo CART efficacy, we have developed a novel multiple CAR-T therapy regimen including booster and consolidation CART applications to to target highly-refractory cancer. Selected patients will be enrolled after target antigen confirmation including CD19, CD20, CD22, CD70, CD13, CD79b, GD2 and PSMA through immunostaining of their tumor specimens. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the multiple CART therapy strategy in the BCL patients.
22134958|NCT04661384|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Examine and describe the safety and feasibility of IL13Ralpha2-specific hinge-optimized 41BB-co-stimulatory CAR truncated CD19-expressing autologous T-lymphocytes (IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cells) through intracerebroventricular (ICV) delivery as adjuvant therapy in participants with:~Ia. IL13Ralpha2+ leptomeningeal disease from glioblastoma (arm 1). Ib. IL13Ralpha2+ leptomeningeal disease from ependymoma or medulloblastoma (arm 2).~II. Determine the activity of IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cells based on survival rate at 3 months for both arms.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Describe persistence, expansion and phenotype of endogenous and IL13Ralpha2-CAR CAR T cells in peripheral blood (PB), tumor cyst fluid (TCF) and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF), when available.~II. Describe cytokine levels in PB, TCF, and CSF (when available) over the study period for each arm.~III. Estimate the rate of disease response by Response Assessment in Neuro-Oncology Leptomeningeal Metastases (RANO LM) criteria by study arm where an active response is defined as stable disease or better.~IV. Estimate rate of progression free survival at 3 months by study arm. V. Estimate rate of overall survival (OS) at 3 months by study arm.~VI. In study participants who undergo post therapy biopsy/resection or autopsy:~VIa. Evaluate IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cell persistence in the tumor tissue and the location of the IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cells with respect to the infusion site.~VIb. Evaluate IL13Ralpha2 antigen on tumor tissue pre- and post-CAR T cell therapy.~VII. Use biomathematical modeling of tumor growth to evaluate benefit of treatment.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cells ICV over 5 minutes on day 1. Treatment repeats every 7 days for 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients may receive additional cycles per the discretion of the principal investigator.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days, months 3, 6, 9, 12, and then yearly for up to 15 years."
22329321|NCT01475058|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the safety and feasibility of pre-emptive adoptive T cell therapy using ex vivo expanded cytomegalovirus (CMV)- or Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-specific T cells derived from donor CD62L+ central memory (TCM) cells and genetically modified to express a CD19-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) in patients in complete remission after human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-matched related donor hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HCT) for CD19+ B cell malignancies at high risk of post-HCT relapse. (Cohort A)~II. To assess the safety and feasibility of adoptive T cell therapy using ex vivo expanded CMV- or EBV-specific T cells derived from donor CD62L+ TCM cells and genetically modified to express a CD19-specific CAR in patients with persistent, progressive or relapsed disease after HLA-matched related donor HCT for CD19+ B cell malignancies. (Cohort B)~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred bi-specific CD8+ T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells.~II. To determine if adoptively transferred bi-specific CD8+ T cells traffic to the bone marrow and function in vivo.~III. To determine if adoptively transferred bi-specific CD8+ T cells proliferate in allogeneic HCT recipients that reactivate CMV or EBV.~IV. To determine if the adoptive transfer of bi-specific CD8+ T cells eliminates CD19+ tumor cells in the subset of patients with a measurable tumor burden prior to T cell transfer.~OUTLINE:~At least 30 days after HCT, patients will receive one intravenous (IV) infusion of CMV/CD19 or EBV/CD19 bi-specific CD8+ T cells.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up periodically for 15 years."
22268890|NCT05353530|Newly diagnosed CD70 positive and MGMT-unmethylated adult GBM patients who have undergone surgery for maximal debulking will be enrolled in this 3+3 design dose-escalation clinical trial and undergo peripheral venipuncture for collection of PBMCs for generation of investigational 8R-70CAR T Cell vaccine. Patients will then undergo standard of care chemoradiation. Immunotherapy will begin 2 weeks (-7/+4 days) after completion of radiation. One single dose of 8R-70CAR T cells will be administered IV. The dose will depend on the enrolling cohort. Dose escalation will follow the traditional 3+3 design.
22135334|NCT05620680|"T-cell lymphoma accounts for 10%~15% of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in China. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), T-cell lymphoma was divided into the following subtypes: T-cell, NK cell lymphoma/leukemia. There were two major categories: anterior T-cell tumors and posterior thymic T-cell lymphomas, which originate from lymph nodes, extranodal tissue, or skin; mature or peripheral T-cell lymphomas.~Generally speaking, the relapse accounts for 50-60% after first-line treatment, while the remission rate with second-line treatment was extremely low. Collectively, there was an urgent need for new treatment modalities to improve the clinical outcomes of these patients.~CD7 is a transmembrane glycoprotein that plays an important role in T-cell and T-cell/B-cell interactions during early lymphoid development. The expression of CD7 persist from stem to mature T cells. CD7 was proved to be widely expressed in T-cell malignant, which makes it a promising therapeutic target.~In this study we aim to testify the safy and efficacy of CD7 CAR-T cells in T-cell lymphoma/leukemia."
22388038|NCT04690192|This is a single-center, non-randomized, open-label, prospective clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CNCT19 infusion following high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem-cell transplantation (HDT/ASCT) in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell lymphoma. CNCT19 cells will be infused on day +3 (±1d) with a fixed dose of 2×10^6/kg. The study will assess the safety and efficacy of this combinational therapy, including the incidence and severity of cytokine release syndrome (CRS), immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS), hematological, and other non-hematological toxicities, and objective response rates and complete response rates and survivals of the subjects.
22329459|NCT03463928|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To evaluate the feasibility and safety of donor-derived HSCT following donor-derived CD19/22 bispecific CAR-T cells or CD19-directed CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory leukemia.~To evaluate the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred CAR-T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells. Real Time polymerase chain receptor (RT-PCR) and Flow cytometry(FCM) analysis of PB,BM will be used to detect and quantify survival of infused allo-CAR-T cells over time.~To evaluate the donor chimerism after co-infusion of donor-derived CD19/22 bispecific CAR-T cells or CD19-directed CAR-T cells and donor-derived-HSCT~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to co-infusion of donor-derived CD19/22 bispecific CAR-T cells or CD19-directed CAR-T cells and donor-derived-HSCT.~The allo-CAR-T cells will be infused in a fractionated manner, 1/3 on day 0, 2/3 on day 1.The allo-HSCT will be infused on day 2."
22388068|NCT04049513|"This is a Phase 1 study, designed to evaluate the safety, feasibility, efficacy and kinetics of third-generation autologous anti-CD19 CAR T-cells, WZTL-002, in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma without other curative options. The initial dose escalation cohort will use a 3+3 dose escalation design to identify a Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD) of WZTL-002 using pre-defined Dose Limiting Toxicity (DLT) criteria. Within a subsequent dose expansion cohort at the recommended phase 2 dose, an automated closed-system manufacturing process for WZTL-002 and outpatient clinical management will be implemented.~Eligible participants will undergo leukapheresis to harvest peripheral blood mononuclear cells, the starting material for the manufacture of the autologous third generation anti-CD19 CAR T-cell product, WZTL-002. After WZTL-002 manufacture and confirmation that product release criteria are met, participants will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy comprising fludarabine and cyclophosphamide on days -5 to day -3, inclusive. WZTL-002 will be administered intravenously on day 0 as a single dose.~Following WZTL-002 administration, participants will be monitored closely for 14 days, including targeted assessments for the specific CAR T-cell related toxicities of Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) and Immune Effector Cell Neurotoxicity Syndrome (ICANS). Initial DLT assessment will occur at day 21 after WZTL-002 infusion. A PET/CT Scan to assess treatment response will take place 3 months after WZTL-002 infusion, marking the end of the primary follow up period. The secondary follow up period will occur between 3 months up until 2 years after WZTL-002 treatment. Long term follow up within the trial will occur annually from 2 to 5 years after WZTL-002 treatment, with further follow-up within the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMT) Cellular Therapies Registry and the Australasian Bone Marrow Transplant Recipient Registry (ABMTRR). In addition to clinical data, this study incorporates sample collection for exploratory endpoints including serum cytokine profile following WZTL-002 infusion, and WZTL-002 expansion, persistence and phenotype."
22388121|NCT03103971|"OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of huJCAR014.~Patients undergo leukapheresis. Beginning 1-2 weeks after leukapheresis, patients undergo lymphodepleting chemotherapy comprising either cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) daily for 1 day and fludarabine IV daily for 3 days or cyclophosphamide and fludarabine IV daily for 3 days. Alternative lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimens maybe used if patient's clinical situation or other logistical factors dictate otherwise. Within 36-96 hours after completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy, patients receive huJCAR014 IV over 20-30 minutes on day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 30 days for the first 3 months, every 3 months for up to 12 months, and then yearly for 15 years."
22268984|NCT04404660|"This Phase Ib/II, open-label, multi-center, single arm study is designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of AUTO1 in adult patients with B-cell ALL by determining the overall response rate (ORR).~Adult patients with relapsed or refractory ALL will be enrolled in both phases of the study. Consented patients will go through the following five sequential stages: screening, leukapheresis, pre-conditioning, treatment, and follow-up. All patients will receive a total target dose of 410E+6 of CAR T cells as a split dose on Day 1 and on Day 10 (±2 days)."
22329573|NCT04697940|"Phase 1 (dose escalation)~In phase 1, 9 to 18 subjects will be enrolled. Subjects will receive 3 doses of decitabine-primed tandem CART 19/20 cell therapy (0.5 × 10^6 cells/kg, 2 × 10^6 cells/kg, 5 × 10^6 cells/kg) from low dose to high dose according to the 3 + 3 principle:~Three patients were enrolled in the lowest dose group.~Subsequent patients were enrolled according to the following rules:~If the incidence of dose limiting toxicity (DLT) was 0/3, 3 patients were enrolled in the next high-dose group.~If the incidence of DLT was 1/3, 3 patients were enrolled at the same dose; If the incidence of DLT was 1/3 + 0/3, 3 patients were enrolled in the next high-dose group. If the incidence of DLT was 1/3 + 1/3, this dose was defined as maximum tolerated dose (MTD); If the incidence of DLT was 1/3 + 2/3 or 1/3 + 3/3, the previous dose was MTD.~If the incidence of DLT was 2/3 or 3/3, the previous dose was MTD.~To ensure the safety of the subjects, the first subject in each dose group was observed for at least 28 days after the cell infusion. If no DLT occurred, the remaining two subjects could be enrolled and treated at the same dose level. The safety data of all subjects in each dose group until day 28 should be reviewed and tolerated before proceeding to the next dose group trial. No dose escalation was allowed for the same subject during the trial. If a subject drop out during the observation period due to non-DLT reasons, new subjects should be enrolled to make up for the number of subjects who drop out.~Phase 2 (expansion cohort)~In phase 2, 10 to 15 subjects will be enrolled and receive decitabine-primed tandem CART 19/20 cell infusion at dose of RP2D, which will be determined based on the MTD, occurrence of DLT, the obtained efficacy results, pharmacokinetics / pharmacodynamics and other data according to the phase 1.~[Objectives]~The primary objectives of the phase 1 were to evaluate the tolerability, safety, and determine recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D). The primary purpose of the phase 2 study was to evaluate the efficacy."
22200128|NCT04516551|The stunning response rate of anti-CD19(cluster of differentiation antigen 19) auto-CAR(chimeric antigen receptor)-T cell therapy brings hope to patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell hematologic malignancies. However, for B-ALL patients suffered from relapse after allo-HSCT (hematopoietic stem cell transplant), the T cells derived from healthy donor seems like a better origin for CAR-T cells producing because T cells derived from healthy matched sibling or unrelated donors have not been restrained by tumor micro-environment and retain anti-leukemia ability. So after we designed a clinical trial to manifest the safety and efficacy of anti-CD19 CAR-T cells for patients with relapsed B cell ALL.
22269267|NCT04696432|This is a single-arm, open label, phase I study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of C-CAR039 in adults with relapsed/refractory B-cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. 10 patients are planned to be enrolled. Following consent, enrolled subjects will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to collect autologous mononuclear cells for manufacture of C-CAR039. Following manufacture of the drug product, subjects will receive lymphodepleting therapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide prior to C-CAR039 infusion. All subjects who have received C-CAR039 infusion will be followed for up to 24 months
22269273|NCT04648046|"A limited-center, open-label dose escalating phase I/IIa study of autologous T cells expressing LVgp120duoCAR molecules will be performed. Participants will be enrolled sequentially in up to three cohorts following a 3+3 design. Dose escalation decisions will be made when a minimum of three participants have completed the safety-evaluation period (45 days) at a given dose level. No dose escalation will be allowed in an individual participant, and participants who have dose limiting adverse events will reinstate ART therapy at first available opportunity.~Following a 3+3 design, each cohort will enroll at least 3 participants. If there are no safety issues with dosing in a cohort, the investigators will proceed to the following cohort. If one participant in a cohort experiences a safety issue, an additional 3 individuals will be enrolled in that cohort to assess safety prior to proceeding to the next cohort. See below for Dose Escalation Procedures.~The first 3 participants start at Cohort 1. Data from Cohort 1 will be submitted for FDA review prior to dosing Cohorts 2 and 3 to determine if cyclophosphamide conditioning is needed.~Cohort 1: Participants will NOT undergo non-ablative conditioning with cyclophosphamide. A single dose of 3 x 105 cells/kg LVgp120duoCAR-T cells will be infused. ART will be interrupted immediately after infusion.~Cohort 2: Participants will undergo non-ablative conditioning with cyclophosphamide. A single dose of 3 x 105 cells/kg LVgp120duoCAR-T cells will be infused. ART will be interrupted immediately after infusion.~Cohort 3: Participants will undergo non-ablative conditioning with cyclophosphamide. A single dose of 1 x 106 cells/kg LVgp120duoCAR-T cells will be infused into the participant. ART will be interrupted immediately after infusion.~Dose Escalation Procedures:~If, after 45 days of study treatment, no participant out of the initial 3 in a cohort exhibits a study treatment-related DLT, then the next cohort of participants will be treated at the subsequent cohort.~If, after 45 days of study treatment, 1 participant out of the initial 3 in a cohort exhibits a study treatment-related DLT, then up to 3 additional participants will be added at that dose level.~If no additional participant develops a study treatment-related DLT (i.e., 1/6 participants with DLT at that dose level), then the next cohort of participants will be treated at the next higher dose level.~However, if a second participant develops a study treatment-related DLT, even if it is before there are 6 total participants on that level, then the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) has been exceeded and no additional participants should be added to this or any higher doses. A total of 6 participants should then be treated on the next lowest dose level to ensure its tolerability and to better define the MTD. Thus, the MTD is defined as the highest assigned dose level at which < 2/6 participants have a DLT.~If 2 participants in Cohort 1 experience a related DLT, the MTD will have been exceeded and no additional participants will be added at any higher level.~If the investigators experience DLTs in Cohort 1, the investigators will de-escalate the dose to 1 x 10^5 cells per kg. If the investigators experience DLTs at the de-escalated dose of 1 x 10^5 cells per kg, the study will stop."
22200274|NCT04513431|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells have demonstrated great successes in treating even late stage cluster of differentiation antigen 19 (CD19) positive B cell malignancies. But it has few studies in solid tumors. The carcino-embryonic antigen(CEA) is widely expressed in cancers like gastric cancer, lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer. To confirm if CAR T cells still function in solid tumors, we have developed anti-CEA CAR-modified T cells. Preclinical studies have demonstrated effective killing of CEA target cells. In this study, the CEA CARs, will be evaluated in CEA positive gastric cancer. The primary goal is to confirm its adverse effects including cytokine storm response and any other adverse effects. In addition, tumor targeting and disease status after treatment will also be evaluated.
22269306|NCT04510051|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To assess the feasibility and safety of lymphodepleting chemotherapy followed by cellular immunotherapy utilizing IL13Ralpha2-specific hinge-optimized 41BB-co-stimulatory chimeric antigen receptor [CAR] truncated CD19-expressing autologous T-lymphocytes (IL13[EQ]BBzeta/CD19t+ Tn/mem cells) administered by intraventricular (ICV) delivery for pediatric participants with IL13Ralpha2+ recurrent/refractory brain tumors.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe persistence and expansion of CAR T cells in peripheral blood (PB) and cerebrospinal (CSF).~II. To describe cytokine levels (PB, and CSF) over the study period.~III. In research participants who receive the full schedule of 4 CAR T cell cycles:~IIIa. To estimate 6-month progression free survival (PFS) rate per disease. IIIb. To estimate disease response rates per disease. IIIc. To estimate 1-year overall survival rate per disease. IV. To evaluate the use of circulating tumor deoxyribonucleic acid (ctDNA) to evaluate tumor burden.~V. For study participants who undergo an additional biopsy/resection or autopsy:~Va. To evaluate CAR T cell persistence in the tumor tissue and the location of the CAR T cells with respect to the infusion site. Vb. To evaluate IL13Ralpha2 antigen expression levels on tumor tissue pre and post CAR T cell therapy.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of IL13(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ T cells.~Patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) on days -5 and -4, and fludarabine IV on days -5 to -2. Patients then receive autologous IL13(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ T cells intraventricularly over 5 minutes once a week (QW) on day 0. Treatment with autologous IL13(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ T cells repeats every 7 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients may receive additional cycles of IL13(EQ)BBzeta/CD19t+ T cells as long as they continue to meet eligibility criteria and have doses available for infusion.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed for up at 30 days, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months, and then yearly for 15 years."
22200384|NCT05639179|"Although the anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant clinical outcome in patients with r/r B-ALL，autologous CAR-T is not feasible for some patients. To make further improvement, the investigators are going to conduct a clinical trial using universal CAR-T(UCAR-T) cells targeting CD19 for r/r B-ALL patients.~After enrollment, patients will get a 3-5 days lymphodepletion therapy, then the UCAR-T Cells will be infused by vein. Subjects will be followed for safety and efficacy up to 12 weeks. For those with a durable remission 12 weeks after infusion, the follow-up will last for at least 12 months for disease control."
22330207|NCT02081937|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and efficacy of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD19 (cluster of differentiation antigen 19 ) vector (referred to as CART-19 cells) in elderly patients with MCL.~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-19 cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-19 TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to CART-19 cell infusions.~Estimate relative trafficking of CART-19 cells to tumor in bone marrow and lymph nodes.~Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD19, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-19 (loss of engraftment)."
22136346|NCT04650451|"Phase 1: Cell dose escalation to identify the maximum dose of BPX-603 administered without or with rimiducid. The first subject in each dose cohort will receive BPX-603 alone (without rimiducid) in order to assess safety of the CAR-T monotherapy.~Phase 2: Indication-specific dose expansion to assess the safety, pharmacodynamics (including BPX-603 persistence and response to temsirolimus as applicable), and clinical activity at the recommended dose for expansion (RDE) identified in Phase 1 in various HER2+ solid tumors.~During Phase 1 or 2, temsirolimus (single IV dose at 25 mg) may be administered following BPX-603 infusion in response to treatment-emergent toxicity in order to activate the iRC9 safety switch."
22136356|NCT04526834|"Adult patients with relapsed or refractory CD30-positive Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma who have failed standard available therapies and who meet eligibility criteria will have blood drawn to manufacture the CD30.CAR-T cells.~CD30.CAR-T cells will be infused once following the completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy with Bendamustine and Fludarabine.~Subjects will be closely monitored for DLT and safety."
22136389|NCT04257578|"OUTLINE:~Beginning up to 3 weeks and at least 24 hours prior to leukapheresis, patients receive acalabrutinib orally (PO) every 12 hours. Treatment continues in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients also receive axicabtagene ciloleucel intravenously (IV) at 36-96 hours after completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3 months for up to 5 years."
22330660|NCT05128786|"This study is an open label, single-center Phase I dose escalation trial to assess the safety, tolerability, DLT and MTD of CCT301-38 cell therapy in patients with AXL positive relapsed or refractory sarcomas.~Subjects that meet inclusion criteria with positive AXL biopsy (IHC 1+ or greater in ≥50% tumor cells) will receive CCT301-38 according to the 3+3 dose escalation design."
22330703|NCT04782193|"Although the anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant results in patients with relapsed and refractory B-cell hematologic malignancies.~There are patients who resisted anti-CD19 CAR-T cells or with CD19 negative relapse. To make further improvement, the investigators launch such a clinical trial using CD19 and CD22 targeted prime CAR-T cells for patients with relapsed and refractory B Cell Lymphomato evaluate the efficacy and safety of CD19 and CD22 targeted prime CAR-T cell therapy."
22330704|NCT04781634|"Although the anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant results in patients with relapsed and refractory B-cell hematologic malignancies.~There are patients who resisted anti-CD19 CAR-T cells or with CD19 negative relapse. To make further improvement, the investigators launch such a clinical trial using CD19 and CD22 targeted prime CAR-T cells for patients with relapsed and refractory B-ALL to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CD19 and CD22 targeted prime CAR-T cell therapy."
22330705|NCT04776330|There are limited options for treatment of relapse/refractory Multiple Myeloma. BCMA is expressed on most Multiple Myeloma cells so it is an ideal target for CAR-T. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of prime CAR- T targeting BCMA in patients with relapsed/refractory Multiple Myeloma. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22200707|NCT02954445|B-cell maturation antigen(BCMA) is preferentially expressed in mature B lymphocytes as well as in B-cell derived leukemia, lymphomas, and multiple myeloma. Despite of the fact that CD19-targeted CAR-T can re-induce remissions for many patients with relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies, a part of those patients will relapse with CD19-negative malignancies. To explore a rescue for those with CD19-negative B cell malignancies, this trial is designed and conducted to test the safety and effect of BCMA-targeted CAR-T.
22330725|NCT04649983|Although the anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant results in patients with relapsed and refractory B-cell hematologic malignancies. There are patients who resisted anti-CD19 CAR-T cells or with CD19 negative relapse. To make further improvement, We launch such a clinical trial using CD19 and CD22 targeted CAR-T cells for patients with relapsed and refractory B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CD19 and CD22 targeted CAR-T cell therapy.
22330726|NCT04648475|Although the CD19 targeted CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant results in patients with relapsed and refractory B-cell Leukemia and Lymphoma. There are patients who resisted anti-CD19 CAR-T cells or with CD19 negative relapse. To make further improvement, We launch such a clinical trial using CD19 and CD22 targeted CAR-T cells for patients with relapsed and refractory B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CD19 and CD22 targeted CAR-T cell therapy.
22330742|NCT04511871|"This is a single arm, open label, dose escalation clinical study to evaluate the safety and preliminary therapeutic efficacy of CCT303-406 cells in adult subjects with HER2 positive relapsed or refractory stage IV metastatic solid tumors.~Subjects that meet inclusion criteria with positive biopsy HER2 (IHC 3+ in ≥50% tumor cells) will receive CCT303-406 according to the 3+3 dose escalation design."
22330757|NCT04348643|CEA is a classic tumor marker, especially in more than 80% of colorectal cancer patients. In normal tissue cells, only a small amount of CEA is expressed in the cell membrane of the digestive tract cells, and the CEA is expressed toward the cell cavity under physiological conditions to avoid recognition by CAR-T cells targeting CEA. This is a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CEA-targeted CAR-T cells therapy,and obtain the recommended dose and infusion plan.
22330763|NCT04272151|There are limited options for treatment of relapse/refractory Multiple Myeloma. BCMA is expressed on most Multiple Myeloma cells so it is an ideal target for CAR-T. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting BCMA in patients with relapsed/refractory Multiple Myeloma. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22330764|NCT04272125|There are limited options for treatment of relapse/refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia. CD123 is expressed on most myeloid leukemia cells so it is an ideal target for CAR-T. Some researches have revealed that CD123 is a marker of leukemia stem cells, which indicates that the eradication of CD123 cells may prevent relapse of leukemia. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting CD123 in patients with relapsed/refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22330765|NCT04271800|There are limited options for treatment of relapse/refractory CD19+ B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma. CD19 is expressed on most CD19+ B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma cells so it is an ideal target for CAR-T. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting CD19 in patients with relapsed/refractory CD19+ B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22330766|NCT04271644|There are limited options for treatment of relapse/refractory Multiple Myeloma. BCMA is expressed on most Multiple Myeloma cells so it is an ideal target for CAR-T. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting BCMA in patients with relapsed/refractory Multiple Myeloma. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22330767|NCT04271410|There are limited options for treatment of relapse/refractory B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma.CD19 is expressed on most B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma cells so it is an ideal target for CAR-T. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting CD19 in patients with elapsed/refractory CD19+ B Cell Leukemia and Lymphoma. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22330768|NCT04265963|CD123 is expressed on most myeloid leukemia cells so it is a ideal target for CAR-T. Some researches have revealed that CD123 is a marker of leukemia stem cells, which indicates that the eradication of CD123 cells may prevent relapse of leukemia. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting CD123 in patients with Acute Myelocytic Leukemia. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including adverse events and disease status after treatment.
22200769|NCT02274584|A large number of lymphoma patients exhaust current treatment options and die from the disease. Innovative therapy is urgently needed. Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells have demonstrated unprecedented successes in treating even late stage cluster of differentiation antigen 19 (CD19) positive B cell malignancies. Besides CD19 lymphomas, many lymphomas are CD30 positive and therefore, CD30-CAR T cells may prove to be effective in treating such patients. We have developed several generations of CD30 CARs. Preclinical studies have demonstrated effective killing of CD30 target cells. In this study, two versions of CD30 CARs, both of which are 4th generation CARs with a self-withdrawal mechanism (FKBP-iCasp9), will be evaluated in CD30 lymphoma patients. The primary goal is safety assessment including cytokine storm response and any other adverse effects. In addition, tumor targeting and disease status after treatment will also be evaluated.
22330924|NCT04788472|This is a prospective, single arm study. To evaluate the safety and efficacy of sequential CD19 and CD22 CAR-T cells in the treatment of adult newly diagnosed Ph chromosome positive B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The main endpoints were dose limiting toxicity (DLT) and incidence of adverse events (TEAEs).
22269843|NCT03502577|"OUTLINE: This is a dose escalation study of BCMA-specific CAR T-cells.~Participants receive fludarabine and cyclophosphamide on days -4 to -2. Participants then receive BCMA-specific CAR T-cells intravenously (IV) over 20-30 minutes on day 0 and gamma-secretase inhibitor LY3039478 orally (PO) on days 2, 4, 7, 9, 11, 14, 16, and 18. Patients will also receive JSMD194 orally before the fludarabine and cyclophosphamide to evaluate the effect of this drug alone on multiple myeloma cell BCMA levels.~After completion of study treatment, participants are followed up every 6 months for years 1-5 and annually for years 6-15."
22389266|NCT05483491|This study will determine the MTD of KK-LC-1 TCR-T cells for the treatment of metastatic cancers that express KK-LC-1 and will assess clinical tumor response to treatment. KK-LC-1 is an abnormal protein that is expressed by certain types of cancer. The cancers that most commonly express KK-LC-1 include gastric, lung, breast, and cervix cancer. KK-LC-1 TCR-T cells are autologous T cells that are genetically engineered to target the KK-LC-1 antigen. Tumor targeting by the KK-LC-1 TCR requires that subjects have the the HLA-A*01:01 allele. Participants will receive a conditioning regimen consisting of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine. They will then receive a single infusion of KK-LC-1 TCR-T cells, which will be followed by administration of aldesleukin. Adverse events, dose limiting toxicity, tumor response, and tumor response duration will be determined.
22270097|NCT04014881|CD123 is a transmembrane subunit of the IL-3 receptor expressed on AML blasts. The investigators have conducted a third generationCD123-targeted CAR containing CD137 and CD28 costimulatory domains.This study aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of anti-CD123 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed/refractory CD123+ Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
22137068|NCT05315778|Immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) is a disorder that can lead to easy or excessive bruising and bleeding. Approximately two-thirds of patients achieve remission after/during first-line therapies. However, the other part of patients could not achieve durable remission or even refractory to initial treatments. Those cases, known as relapse/refractory Immune thrombocytopenia (R/R ITP), undergo the heavy burden of disease which decreases the quality of life. Lots of pathogeneses take part in the occurrence of R/R ITP, and the most important one of them is antibody-mediated immune platelet destruction. As far as it is known，human platelet autoantibodies are mainly secreted by plasma cells, especially long-lived plasma cells. Researchers want to explore that can BCMA CAR-T help R/R ITP patients increase platelet count, reduce bleeding episodes and the dose of concomitant medications.
22201253|NCT05143151|"Traditional treatments have limited efficacy in patients with pancreatic cancer, and molecular targeted therapy also has limited benefits. According to the results of the CONKO-005 clinical trial, compared with the single-agent Gemcitabine (Gemcitabine) treatment, the combined use of Erlotinib (Erolotinib) did not prolong the survival time of pancreatic cancer patients in postoperative adjuvant treatment. However, another phase III clinical result for patients with advanced pancreatic cancer found that compared with gemcitabine monotherapy, the survival of patients in the combined gemcitabine and erlotinib treatment group was significantly improved (6.24 months VS 5.91 months). The one-year survival rate has also improved (23% VS 17%). As a result, the FDA approved the gemcitabine + erlotinib combination regimen in 2005 for patients with locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer or distant metastases. However, this program only improves survival for about 10 days, making it difficult for the targeted drug erlotinib to achieve greater clinical benefit in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. In February 2019, the FDA approved olapa, an inhibitor that targets poly-ADP ribose polymerase, for the maintenance treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer who carry BRCA gene mutations, and then the population of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer who carry BRCA gene mutations The limited quantity limits the scope of clinical application of olaparib. Therefore, it is necessary to explore new anti-pancreatic cancer therapeutic targets.~CD276 (B7-H3) is a member of the B7 costimulatory molecule family. Its mRNA is widely expressed in tissues, but the protein expression is limited. It is expressed in resting fibroblasts, endothelial cells, osteoblasts, amniotic fluid stem cells and other non-immune cells, and The surface of induced antigen-presenting cells and NK cells. Many studies have revealed that B7-H3 is overexpressed in a variety of tumors, including melanoma, pancreatic cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, colorectal cancer and other tumors, and its expression level is closely related to the poor prognosis and clinical outcome of patients . Preclinical studies have confirmed that the expression of CD276 mRNA in pancreatic cancer tissues is significantly higher than that of normal adjacent groups."
22201255|NCT05143112|"Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells enable T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells that express specific antigens through genetic engineering. CD19 is expressed on the membrane surface of pre-B cells and mature B cells, but not on the surface of T cells and normal granulocytes. It is an ideal therapeutic target for B cell-derived tumors. A large number of previous studies have confirmed that CD19 CAR-T cells are a safe and effective method for the treatment of ALL. In 2019, Locke FL[1] et al. reported a clinical study of CD19 CAR-T for r/r DLBL. 119 patients were enrolled. The objective response rate was 83%, the CR rate was 58%, and the median progression-free survival was 5.9. Months. Greatly improved the patient's prognosis.~Preclinical and clinical studies of CD19 CAR-T in r/r B-NHL have been extensively carried out. At the beginning of 2020, MorphoSys submitted its company-targeted CD19 monoclonal antibody to the FDA for r/r DLBL treatment and obtained FDA priority approval. It further confirms the safety and effectiveness of CD19 as a therapeutic target in r/r B-NHL. However, these CAR-T cells are constructed from patients' autologous T cells, and the production and preparation time is long; on the other hand, most patients have received multiple chemotherapy before CAR-T treatment, and the quantity and quality of T cells often cannot meet the needs of clinical treatment. It is also an important factor leading to the failure of CAR-T cell therapy, which limits the large-scale clinical application of CAR-T.~T cells sourced from healthy people are not only sufficient in quantity and quality guaranteed, but also available at any time. In December 2020, lancet[2] reported a clinical study of 19 patients receiving allogeneic CAR-T cell therapy for B-ALL. 14 patients were evaluated as CR/CRi (67%) 28 days after treatment, with a median sustained remission Time 4.1 months. Allogeneic CAR-T cells are safe and effective for the treatment of B-cell malignant diseases, and their clinical application range is expected to further improve the remission rate and survival rate of patients with R/R B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma."
22332188|NCT02915445|"In this study, the original tumor tissue specimen should be stained to determine the expression levels of EpCAM. Only the patients having tumor with high expression levels will be included.~50-100ml blood with be drawn to get enough CD3 T cells at least 2x10^7. After separation, PBMC will be activated via antibodies of CD3 and CD28 and then transduced by lentivirus bearing the EpCAM CAR gene. Then the EpCAM CAR-T cells will proliferate up to 10-100 folds for infusion. The produced cells will be frozen or infused if available.~Included patients will be preconditioned by cyclophosphamide for lymphodepletion if the levels of white blood cells and lymphocytes are normal. Infusion of T cells, at least 1 day after lymphodepletion, is dose escalating and beginning at the lowest level. If the first level is proven to be safe, the next level will be proceeded. Once severe side effects were observed, the dose will be lowered or the dose will be stopped.~During infusion, patients will be taken care of by cardiogram monitor. Blood drawing will be taken before infusion, at 4h after infusion and on day 4, 7, 14, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, 180 to determine the presence of CAR-T cells. At the same time, cytokines including IL-6, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma and C-reactive protein levels will be determined. Routine imaging studies will be proceeded.~To see whether there are long-term side effects of this therapy, patients received CAR-T cells will be followed up to at least 15 years."
22201359|NCT05149391|The study includes the following sequential phases: Screening, Apheresis and C-CAR039 manufacturing, Baseline testing, Lymphodepletion, C-CAR039 infusion, Dose-limiting toxicity observation and Follow-up Visit.
22138678|NCT05665062|SYNCAR-001 + STK-009 is a 2-component human orthogonal (ho) IL-2 receptor-ligand cell therapy consisting of (1) SYNCAR-001, a CD19-directed chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR-T) co-expressing an engineered IL-2 beta receptor (hoRb); and (2) STK-009, an engineered pegylated IL-2 cytokine (hoIL-2) selective for hoRb. The study will follow a 3+3 dose escalation design followed by a dose extension phase at the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D)
22201420|NCT04692948|"AML is a malignant disease of myeloid hematopoietic stem / progenitor cells and the most common hematological malignancy. It is characterized by abnormal proliferation of primitive and immature myeloid cells in bone marrow and peripheral blood. In recent years, due to the aging of the population, the incidence of AML and MDS has been on the rise. What is also troubling us is that the incidence of treatment-related MDS and AML in children and adolescents with Hodgkin's disease, sarcoma, breast and testicular tumors, lymphoma and other patients who survive after treatment is also gradually increasing. Occupational exposure such as ionizing radiation and benzene and petrochemical are also related to the incidence of AML.~Car t therapy is the most effective and widely used in the treatment of all. B7-H3, also known as cd276, was first discovered in 2001. It is mainly expressed on the cell surface, such as activated dendritic cells, monocytes, T cells, B cells and NK cells. Studies have shown that B7-H3 can stimulate the expansion and killing of T cells, and may selectively stimulate the signal receptor of T cells. It is a promising target for AML immunotherapy."
22332605|NCT03366350|Anti-CD19 CAR-T therapy has been confirmed effective for relapsed/refractory B-cell malignancies. However, its ability to keep patients in maintained remission is limited. In order to keep patients in long-term remissions, patients who had achieved MRD-negative complete remissions through CAR-T therapy (NCT02965092) will, on their own accord, receive allo-HSCT if there are no previous HSCT, contraindications, and other restrictions.
22137491|NCT05464719|"Primary Objective:~-To evaluate the efficacy of lonca as consolidation therapy in patients with relapsed or refractory LBCL who achieve PR after CAR T-cell therapy.~Secondary Objectives:~-To evaluate safety and tolerability of lonca as consolidation therapy in patients with relapsed or refractory LBCL who achieve PR after CAR T-cell therapy.~Exploratory Objective:~-To determine the pharmacodynamic effects and investigate biomarkers of response and resistance of this novel consolidation therapy."
22137544|NCT05274451|This Phase 1, single-arm, open-label, multi-center, dose-escalation and -expansion study will evaluate the safety and tolerability of LYL797, ROR1-targeting CAR T cells, in adults with relapsed and/or refractory ROR1+ triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The dose-escalation phase includes TNBC and NSCLC patients, and will investigate 4 dose levels to determine the recommended Phase 2 dose (RP2D). The dose-expansion phase will enroll both TNBC and NSCLC patients at the RP2D.
22138699|NCT05322330|B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (B-NHL) is the most common hematological malignancy originating from lymphohematopoietic tissue. Lymphoma is now one of the most rapidly growing malignancies worldwide, with approximately 350,000 new cases and over 200,000 deaths worldwide each year.With the use of rituximab in combination with standard chemotherapy regimens, progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in B-NHL have improved significantly, yet primary resistance or relapse progression still occurs in 40%-50% of B-NHL patients.The most widely used CAR-T therapy for R/R B-NHL in clinical practice is CAR-T therapy targeting CD19, which has a complete remission rate (CR) of 40%-53% and an overall remission rate (ORR) of 52%-82%.XPO1 inhibitors are potential drugs to enhance the anti-lymphoma effect of CD19 CAR-T cells, this study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of XPO-1 inhibitors in combination with CAR-T cells in relapsed refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
22270904|NCT04008251|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells (CAR-T cells) have the capabilities to recognize tumor associated antigen and kill tumor cells specifically. CAR-T therapy showed great effect on patients with relapsed or refractory B cell malignancies. To improve the efficacy and safety, the researchers designed a second-generation humanized CAR, consisting of humanized CD19 single chain variable fragment (scFv) and CD137 costimulatory domain. This study aims to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of humanized anti-CD19 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell Malignancies.
22270934|NCT04011293|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study to determine the safety and efficacy of CNCT19 in adult patients with r/r B cell Malignancies. The study will have the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation & Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), Treatment and Follow-up, and Survival Follow-up. The total duration of the study is 2 years from CNCT19 cell infusion.
22137691|NCT04432506|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To assess safety and tolerability of anakinra in reducing incidence of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) within 30 days after infusion of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells in subjects with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine incidence of all grades and duration of both CRS and immune-cell associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS).~II. To determine the complete response rate (CRR), overall response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS).~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the effects of anakinra on the cytokine and chemokine profile in peripheral blood after CAR-T therapy.~II. To determine the effects of anakinra on the expansion and persistence of CAR T cells.~III. To correlate baseline characteristics with toxicity, response and survival after anakinra combined with CAR-T therapy.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of anakinra.~Patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) over 60 minutes and fludarabine IV over 30 minutes on days -5 to -3 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients then receive axicabtagene ciloleucel IV over 30 minutes or less on day 0 and anakinra subcutaneously (SC) on days 0-6 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 2 and 4 weeks, and then at 2, 3, 6, 9, 12, 18, and 24 months."
22333429|NCT03488160|The sponsors of this research also studied CD19.CAR-T cells for the treatment of leukemia and lymphoma, two courses of three transfusion 14 days after infection process standard training program , the safety and effectiveness have accumulated some of the data. In this study, the investigators will regenerate the cultured cells for 2 times in a course of treatment, and enter the patient's body . The investigators observed the safety and efficacy of CAR-T cell therapy.
22137919|NCT01087294|"Background:~Many patients with advanced B-cell malignancies that cannot be cured by chemotherapy and monoclonal antibodies have prolonged relapse-free survival after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (alloHSCT); however, a substantial fraction of patients with B-cell malignancies relapse following alloHSCT.~The first therapeutic maneuver attempted when patients without graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) relapse after alloHSCT is usually withdrawal of immunosuppressive drugs. If a remission does not occur after withdrawal of immunosuppression, patients are often treated with lymphocyte -DCI. Withdrawal of immunosuppression and DCI can lead to complete remissions in patients with B-cell malignancies that relapse after alloHSCT. Unfortunately, a substantial fraction of patients do not enter a complete remission after withdrawal of immunosuppression followed by DCI, and these therapies are often complicated by GVHD.~The outcomes of alloHSCT might be improved if T cells could be manipulated so that they generate a more potent graft-versus-malignancy (GVM) effect than unmanipulated T cells.~We hypothesize that the GVM effect against B-cell malignancies can be augmented by genetically engineering donor T cells to express receptors that specifically recognize antigens expressed by malignant B cells.~Chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) consist of an antigen recognition moiety combined with T-cell signaling domains. CARs are capable of activating T cells in an antigen-specific manner.~Expression of the CD19 antigen is limited to B cells and perhaps follicular dendritic cells. Most malignant B cells express CD19.~We have constructed a retroviral vector encoding an anti-CD19 CAR. Large numbers of T cells that have been transduced with this retroviral vector can be generated in vitro for clinical adoptive T cell therapy. These anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cells specifically recognize a variety of CD19+ target cells and kill primary chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells in vitro.~Primary Objective:~To assess the safety of administering allogeneic anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cells to patients with B-cell malignancies that are persistent or relapsed after alloHSCT. The allogeneic anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cells will be derived from the original allogeneic transplant donor.~Eligibility:~Patients with any CD19-expressing malignancy that is persistent or recurrent following successful engraftment after HLA-identical or >=9/10 matched sibling, 1-antigen mismatched sibling, or 9/10-matched unrelated donor (URD) alloHSCT and withdrawal of immunosuppression.~The same donor that provided cells for the alloHSCT must be willing and able to undergo leukapheresis so that cells can be obtained to prepare the anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cells.~The recipient must have at most grade I acute GVHD or chronic GVHD with no organ site with a score exceeding 1, except for the skin, for which a score of 1 or 2 will be allowable. The recipient must not have received systemic immunosuppressive drugs given for graft versus host disease for at least 28 days at the time of study enrollment. Patients must be on a dose of corticosteroids of an equivalent of 5 mg/day or less of prednisone. Corticosteroid creams, ointments, and eye drops are allowed.~Design:~The alloHSCT donor will undergo leukapheresis.~Patients will undergo apheresis to obtain peripheral blood mononuclear cells. These cells will be processed to produce anti-CD19 CAR stem memory T cells (anti-CD19 CAR Tscm). This process involves sorting the cells and then culturing the cells in vitro for 9 days. During the 9-day culture period, the cells will be transduced with gammaretroviruses encoding the FMC63-28Z.~CAR recipients will be monitored for development of acute treatment-related toxicities for at least 9 days after cell infusion as inpatients. Dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs) will include severe acute GVHD and Grade 4 toxicities not associated with GVHD.~A maximum of 126 evaluable patients (donors plus recipients) will be treated.~Assessment of safety is a primary objective of this clinical trial. Safety will be defined as a lack of severe acute post-infusional toxicities and an incidence of GVHD that is not higher than historical rates of GVHD occurring after standard DCI.~Anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T-cell persistence in the peripheral blood will be measured at multiple time points from 1 week to 1 year after anti-CD19-CAR-transduced T cell infusion by flow cytometry.~To assess for an anti-malignancy effect of the infused cells, patients will be staged using standard staging systems."
22333465|NCT03540303|Although CAR19 T cell therapy brings hope, the patients with refractory/relapsed B-cell lymphoma is still a problem for the current treatment. There are still some patients with poor therapeutic efficacy, and the efficacy of CAR19-T cell therapy remains to be improved. Basic research shows that there is a synergistic effect between CAR-T cell therapy and anti-PD1 pathway, and it did have efficacy in clinic. However, the regimen of CAR19-T cells combined anti-PD1 inhibitors need to be combined with the application of anti-PD1 antibody and culture of CART cells during the treatment, there may be adverse events to PD1 antibodies. In this study, CAR19T cells carrying cytosolic activated PD1 possess the dual effects of CAR19T cells and anti-PD1 or anti-PD-L1 antibodies while overcoming the adverse events of anti-PD1 inhibitors, and might have better efficacy than conventional CAR19T cells plus anti-PD1 or anti-PD-L1 antibody treatment, with fewer side effects.
22138160|NCT03882840|One gene can be knockout of the T cells to produce a T-like NK cells which obtain killing function of both T effector cells and NK cells. We will collect appropriate patient's T cells, produce T-like NK cells (ITNK), and infuse the ITNK cells back to the patients to treat various of cancers.
22138168|NCT03198546|"Choose appropriate patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma,with written consent for this study;~Perform biopsy to determine the expression of GPC3 of the tumor by western blotting or IHC;~Collect blood from the patients and isolate mononuclear cells, activate the T cells and transfect the T cells with GPC3/TGFβ targeting CAR (or/and scfv/cytokines-secreting), amplify the number of transfected T cells as needed, test the quality and killing activity of the GPC3/TGFβ-CART cells and then transplant back the patients via systemic or local infusions (via artery or intra-tumor), and follow up closely to collect related results as needed;~To enhance the killing capability, CD4+ T cells are genetically engineered to express TGFβ-CAR and secret IL7/CCL19 and/or SCFVs against PD1/CTLA4/Tigit; CD8+T cells are constructed to express GPC3-DAP10-CAR with knockdown of PD1/HPK1;~Evaluate the clinical results as needed.~Will also perform the similar clinical trial on lung squamous carcinoma with the GPC3 expression."
22138291|NCT03590574|The study will consist of 2 phases, a Phase I/dose escalation phase and a Phase II/expansion phase. Patients with relapsed or refractory TRBC1 positive selected T-NHL will be enrolled in both phases of the study. Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis to harvest T cells, the starting material for the manufacture of the autologous CAR-T product AUTO4. Following preconditioning by a chemotherapeutic regimen, the patient will receive AUTO4 intravenously as a single dose following which they will then enter a 24-month follow-up period
22334061|NCT05459870|"Autoimmune disease refers to the disease in which the immune system reacts to the host's own body and causes damage to tissues and organs. At present, the pathogenesis of various autoimmune diseases is still not well understood, but an imbalanced immune tolerance plays a key role in this process.~An ideal therapy to autoimmune disease should eradicate pathogenic autoimmune cells but retain the protective immunity. The chimeric antigen receptor-modified T (CAR-T) cell technology has proven to be highly effective in targeting B cell malignancies, and the treatment-induced B cell and antibody deficiencies have implications for treating autoantibody-related autoimmune diseases. Studies have shown that CAR-T cells targeting B cell surface molecules can kill autoreactive B lymphocytes in pemphigus vulgaris (PV) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients. Thus, CAR-T cell technology targeting B cells has potential in treating autoimmune diseases including PV, SLE, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, Sjogren's syndrome etc..~CD19-specific CAR is based on activation of intracellular signalijng domains of T cells by the extracellular single chain variable fragment (scFv) antibody against CD19. The activated CAR-T cells can target and kill B cells. The investigation plans to use genetically modified T cells to express a 4th generation lentiviral anti-CD19 CAR with an inducible caspase 9 self-withdrawal gene (4SCAR) to increase the safety of this specific approach. Besides targeting CD19, specific CARs targeting other B cell surface molecules including BCMA, CD138, and BAFF-R will also be included in the treatment regimen. Based on accumulated experiences, the 4SCAR T cells have shown high safety profile without serious cytokine release syndrome (CRS) or neural toxicities in patients. Through this trial, the safety and long term efficacy of the B cell-specific 4SCAR T cell therapy will be evaluated, providing clinical evidence supporting the application of 4SCAR-T cell technology in the treatment of autoimmune diseases."
22076073|NCT04410900|"OUTLINE:~Patients receive the inactivated rabies vaccine intramuscularly (IM) on day 1 and 6-10 weeks later. Patients also undergo a blood collection prior to each vaccine, and at approximately 1, 2, and 4 weeks after each vaccination. A final blood collection occurs 6 months after the first immunization."
22334155|NCT05585996|6-18 patients are planned to be enrolled in the dose-escalation trial. The dose of CD19-CAR-DC was according to the 3+3 dose-escalation principle (0.25×10^6/kg, 0.5×10^6/kg, 0.75×10^6/kg ( ±20%) . CAR-T was 2×10^6/kg . The primary endpoints are DLT, MTD, and the second endpionts are the overall response rates (CR and PR), overall survival, and progression-free survival. Based on the results in the dose-escalation trial, the recommended dose will be determined. Another 52 patients will be enrolled to continue estimating the safety and efficacy.
22076114|NCT04025216|"The Dose Escalation phase of the study is designed to identify the dose and regimen of CART-TnMUC1 cells that can be safely administered intravenously following the lymphodepletion (LD) regimen to patients with (1) advanced TnMUC1+ solid tumors (triple negative breast cancer, epithelial ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, and non-small cell lung cancer) and (2) advanced TnMUC1+ multiple myeloma in a parallel two-arm dose escalation study. The Dose Escalation phase is anticipated to enroll approximately 40 patients.~The Expansion phase of the study is designed to assess the preliminary efficacy of CART-TnMUC1 cells administered intravenously to patients with TnMUC1+ solid tumors. The Expansion phase is anticipated to enroll approximately 72 patients (18 patients per each tumor indication)."
22334849|NCT02601313|"Study KTE-C19-102 enrolled participants with r/r MCL who have been treated with up to 5 prior regimens including a Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor (BTKi) in Cohort 1 and Cohort 2. However, to fulfill FDA Postmarketing Requirement, Cohort 3 is added to the study. It will include participants with r/r MCL who have been treated with up to 5 prior regimens but have not received prior therapy with a BTKi.~The primary analysis in Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 is already completed. Data for Cohort 3 will be analyzed separately. Therefore, details for Cohort 3 were registered separately (NCT04880434) on ClinicalTrials.gov as this cohort will not be part of the main study analysis.~After the end of KTE-C19-102, subjects who received an infusion of anti-CD19 CAR T cells will complete the remainder of the 15-year follow-up assessments in a separate long-term follow-up study, KT-US-982-5968"
22202681|NCT05594797|Participants with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, Electrocardiograph, Computedtomography （CT）/Magnetic Resonance Imaging(MRI)/Positron Emission Tomography（PET）, and blood draws. Participants receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of BCMA CAR+ T cells. After the infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of BCMA CAR+ T cells. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22202691|NCT02933775|"A single arm open-label pilot study is designed to determine the safety, tolerability and engraftment potential of CAR-CD19 T cells in patients with CD19-positive malignant B cell leukemia and lymphoma. All subjects will receive CAR-CD19 T cells infusion.~Primary objectives:~Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD19 lentiviral vector (referred to as CAR-CD19 T cells).~Determine the duration of in vivo survival of CAR-CD19 T cells.~Secondary objectives:~For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to CAR-CD19 T cells infusions.~To determine the amplification and survival of CAR-CD19 T 4-1BB:CD3ζ and CD28:CD3ζ as measured by the relative engraftment levels of CAR-CD19 T 4-1BB:CD3ζ and CD28:CD3ζ cells over time.~Estimate relative trafficking of CAR-CD19 T cells to tumors in bone marrow and lymphnodes.~Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD19, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CAR-CD19 T (loss of engraftment).~Determine the relative subsets of CAR-CD19 T cells."
22334998|NCT03473496|"Multiple myeloma（MM） is one of the most common malignant diseases in the blood system.There is still no cure for the disease which only control the development of the disease in various ways.~In recent years, the understanding of pathogenic molecular mechanism in MM , many new types of drugs can be used in the treatment of this disease, one of the most widely used is proteasome inhibitors and immune regulator.Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation has also been shown to improve complete remission rates and prolong patient survival.Combined with the advantages of multiple therapies, chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T) have gradually become one of the strongest and most powerful weapons against multiple myeloma.~CAR - T cells was taken in the form of genetic modification, and specific identified target antigen monoclonal antibody of single variable region (scFv) expression in T cell surface, and coupled with the activation of intracellular proliferation signal domain.~When scFv recognizes antigens expressed in malignant cells, it stimulates the activation signal of downstream T cells and produces specific killing effects. CAR-T therapy is one of revolutionary targeted immunotherapy.The efficacy of CAR-T cells for the treatment of acute B lymphocytic leukemia has been widely recognized, and several clinical trials have been reported in the treatment of multiple myeloma with CAR-T cells.Throughout registration of clinical trials and published research results, B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) as one of targets , its effect is more significant than other molecules.As with BCMA antigens, cluster of differentiation 138(CD138), cluster of differentiation 56 (CD56) or cluster of differentiation 38(CD38) antigens are also highly expressed in multiple myeloma cells.With CD138 as the target for the treatment of CAR-T cells, several clinical studies have been registered, and the results show that some of them are effective.~In order to lay a foundation for the application of relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with CAR-T therapy，objects are refractory/ relapsed patients with multiple myeloma,and plans to into the group of the number of cases in 50 cases.The main content is safety, efficacy and feasibility analysis of the CAR-T cells （single CAR-T or double CAR-T cells with BCMA、CD138、CD56 or CD38 ) in the treatment of refractory/relapsed multiple myeloma."
22076522|NCT05650749|Despite the use of intensive multimodal chemoradiotherapy, surgery, autologous stem cell transplant and disialoganglioside antigen (GD2)-targeted immunotherapy for the treatment of patients with high-risk neuroblastoma, approximately 60% of children still die from this disease and survivors suffer lifelong treatment related comorbidities. For patients who suffer a relapse after receiving therapy with standard of care multimodality treatment, there are no known curative options. Glypican 2 (GPC2) is highly expressed on the plasma membrane of most high-risk neuroblastomas, is further enriched in the tumor stem cell compartment, but is not expressed at significant levels on normal tissues, making it an ideal target for immune directed therapies. To therapeutically leverage GPC2's differential expression, a GPC2-directed CAR T cell therapy that potently inhibits the growth of neuroblastoma patient-derived xenografts has been developed. This investigation will be a single institution, open-label first in human, dose escalation and expansion study designed to assess the safety, tolerability, and manufacturing feasibility of GPC2 CAR T cells.
22076576|NCT05480449|Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-Cells (CAR T) cell therapy has shifted the treatment landscape for pediatric and young adult patients with multiply relapsed and refractory B-ALL (B cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia), however, the manufacturing process remains in its first generation: laborious, time-intensive, and not automated. The time and significant personnel resources in this process can result in patient safety issues - with patients growing sicker, with harder to control leukemias - in the waiting period between T cell collection and completed CAR T cell product manufacture. Use of the CliniMACS Prodigy platform, that allows for semi-automated clinical-scale processing of huCART19 cell products in a functionally closed, sterile system, rapidly, without many of the logistical burdens encountered in the first-generation manufacturing method, can help to surmount these issues. This study will determine the safety and efficacy of moving to a second-generation manufacturing process using the CliniMACS Prodigy platform to manufacture huCART19 cells.
22142600|NCT04260945|This Phase I study is designed as a pilot trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cell therapy in subjects with refractory and relapsed B cell leukemia. Subjects will receive cytoreductive chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -5, -4 and -3 followed by infusion of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells. Safety and efficacy of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells therapy in patients with refractory and relapsed B-cell leukemia.
22142601|NCT04260932|This Phase I study is designed as a pilot trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cell therapy in subjects with refractory and relapsed B cell lymphoma. Subjects will receive cytoreductive chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -5, -4 and -3 followed by infusion of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells. Safety and efficacy of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19/CD20 Dual-CAR-T cells therapy in patients with refractory and relapsed B-cell lymphoma.
22272044|NCT03980691|Despite the advent of combined antiretroviral therapy (cART), the persistence of viral reservoirs remains a major barrier to cure human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection. Recently, the shock and kill strategy, by which such reservoirs are eradicated following reactivation of latent HIV-1 by latency-reversing agents (LRAs), has been extensively practiced. It is important to reestablish virus-specific and reliable immune surveillance to eradicate the reactivated virus-harboring cells. Some studies have shown that Chidamide can highly activate the HIV reservoirs. The VC-CAR-T cells effectively induced the cytolysis of LRA-reactivated HIV-1-infected CD4 T lymphocytes isolated from infected individuals receiving suppressive cART. Our previous study demonstrated that the special features of genetically engineered CAR-T cells make them a particularly suitable candidate for therapeutic application in efforts to reach a functional HIV cure. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Chidamide together with Chimeric Antigen Receptor(CAR)-T or T cell receptor(TCR)-T cell therapy based on cART in HIV-infected adults whose plasma HIV has been successfully suppressed after cART.
22076786|NCT04318678|"This study will evaluate the safety and maximum tolerated dose of CD123-CAR T cells.~This study contains 2 phases. The first part is the called the Collection and Manufacturing Phase and the second is the Treatment Phase.~The Collection and Manufacturing Phase refers to your blood cells being collected and possibly frozen, via a process called apheresis. These cells will then be changed to improve their ability to recognize and kill cancer cells.~The Treatment Phase refers to the portion of the study in which you receive an infusion of the CD123-CAR T cells that were made in the Collection and Manufacturing Phase; chemotherapy is given for several days prior to the cellular infusion. You are then monitored for any possible side effects.~.~Chemotherapy is given to get your body ready to accept the CATCHAML treatment.~Treatment Schedule:~Patients will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy followed by infusion of CD123-CAR T cells~Fludarabine on day -4, -3 and -2~Cyclophosphamide on day -3 and -2~REST DAY on day -1~CD123-CAR T cell infusion on day 0 or +1"
22076847|NCT03829540|"The study will be performed as a dose-escalation protocol. Due to the relatively low incidence and prevalence of cluster of differentiation 4-positive (CD4+) hematological malignancies and the associated aggressive nature of these diseases and the sequel of treatment failure, the investigators expect to recruit 20 subjects at Stony Brook with an expected dropout rate of 25% primarily due to rapid progression or death and screen and or manufacturing failure. Taking this into account, the investigators expect to treat 15 patients. The study will utilize autologous CD4CAR T-cells that are engineered to express a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) targeting CD4 that is linked to the cluster of differentiation 28 (CD28), 4-1BB, cluster of differentiation 3-zeta (CD3ζ) signaling chains (third generation CAR).~At entry, disease status will be staged and investigators will determine if the subject has the minimal T cell number adequate for apheresis (screening step) and for manufacturing CD4CAR cells. qualifying subjects will be leukapheresed to obtain large numbers of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) for the manufacturing. Next, participants will receive conditioning chemotherapy. If tumor burden is sufficiently reduced (screening step), participants will receive CD4CAR cells by infusion on Day 0 of treatment.~For cell harvest, 12-15-liter apheresis procedure will be performed at the apheresis center with the intention to harvest at least 50x10^9-nucleated cells to manufacture CD4CAR T-cells. A portion of the pheresed cells will also be cryopreserved for FDA look-back requirements and for further research. The T-cells will be purified from the PBMC, transduced with CD4CAR lentiviral vector, expanded in vitro, and then frozen for administration. Each dose will be stored in either one or two bags. The route of administration is by IV infusion and the duration of infusion will be approximately 20 minutes. Each bag will contain an aliquot (30-50 mL) of liquid suitable for freezing, and containing the following infusible grade reagents (% v/v): 62.5cc Plasmalyte-A 5% dextrose; 7.5cc Pure dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO), 20cc of 25% Human Serum Albumin, and 10cc Dextran 40. The cell product is expected to be ready for release approximately 3-4 weeks after apheresis.~If the disease progresses during the manufacturing period participants may be excluded from the study. Minimal chemotherapy to keep the disease under control in the meanwhile is allowed if deemed necessary by investigators.~A single dose of CD4CAR transduced T cells will consist of the cell number for the dose level to be infused.~Post-infusion monitoring of CD4CAR T-cells: Subjects will have blood drawn for cytokine levels, CD4CAR Transgene Copy Number (PCR) and flow cytometry in order to evaluate the presence of CD4CAR cells on days 0, 1, 3, 5, 7, 14, 28, and 42 following infusion (or as clinically needed). Cytokines levels will be evaluated per schedule above in addition to and as needed every 8 +/- 2 hours as feasible if/when CRS occurs and until resolution. Active monitoring of fungal and viral infections during treatment while utilizing standard prophylaxis recommended for HIV-positive patients with T-cell aplasia and those undergoing allogeneic stem cell transplant. Investigators plan to collect data about clinicoradiologic measurements of residual tumor burden starting on day 6 and weekly afterward until remission and then monthly for 6 months. This will be followed by quarterly clinical evaluations for the next two (2) years with a medical history, physical examination, and comprehensive blood testing. After these short- and intermediate-term evaluations are performed, these patients will enter a rollover study to assess for disease-free survival (DFS), relapse, and the development of other health problems or malignancies where follow-up will be up tp twice a year by phone and a questionnaire for an additional thirteen (13) years. The treating physician will decide to proceed with allogeneic or autologous transplant when needed.~Dose of CD4CAR description: the main objective of this study is to establish a recommended dose and/or schedule of CD4CAR. The guiding principle for dose escalation in phase I is to avoid unnecessary exposure of patients to sub-therapeutic doses (i.e., to treat as many patients as possible within the therapeutic dose range) while preserving safety and maintaining rapid accrual. Investigators will use the rule-based traditional Phase I 3+3 design for the evaluation of safety. Based on lab experience in mice the starting dose (dose level 1) for the first cohort of three patients in phase I portion of the study will be 8x10^5 cells. The dose escalation or de-escalation will follow a modified Fibonacci sequence as below.~If more than one patient out of the first cohort of three patients in dose level 1 experience dose limiting toxicity (DLT), the trial will be placed on hold. If zero or one out of three patients in the first cohort of dose level 1 experience DLT, three more patients will be enrolled at dose level 1; the dose escalation continues until at least two patients among a cohort of six patients experience DLT (i.e., ≥33% of patients with a DLT at this dose level)~If one of the first three patients in dose level 1 experiences a DLT, three more patients will be treated at dose level 1.~If none of the three patients or only one of the 6 patients in the dose level 1 experiences a DLT, the dose escalation continues to the dose level 2~If one of the first three patients in dose level 2 experience a DLT, three more patients will be treated at dose level 2~If none of the three patients or only one of the 6 patients in the dose level2 experiences a DLT, the dose escalation continues to the dose level 3~If one of the first three patients in dose level 3 experiences a DLT, three more patients will be treated at dose level 3~If none of the three patients or only one of the 6 patients in the dose level 3 experiences a DLT, dose level 3 will be declared the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and will be used as the recommended phase II dose (RP2D) for the phase II portion of the study.~In summary, the dose escalation continues until at least two patients among a cohort of six patients experience DLT (i.e., ≥33% of patients with a DLT at that dose level). The recommended dose for phase II trials is defined as one dose level below this toxic dose level. Since some grade 3 and possibly 4 toxicities are highly likely to be reversible, grade 3 infectious, hematological and vascular toxicities will not be considered DLTs mandating dose reduction. Also allergic or infusion-related reactions ≤ grade 3 will not be counted as DLTs. There will be no intra-patient dose escalation or reduction.~To allow for full spectrum toxicity duration evaluation and reporting, no patients within the same or a different cohort will be initiated on lymphodepleting chemotherapy sooner than 28 days from the initiation date of the preceding patient."
22139180|NCT05212584|T-acute lymphoblast leukemia (T-ALL) accounts for 15-20% of all ALL cases. It is a neoplastic lymphoid leukemia characterized by the proliferation of immature precursor T cells. T-ALL is a highly aggressive tumor. Adults need intensive chemotherapy, and the cure rate is <50%, even with stem cell transplantation. The prognosis is also very poor. The combined chemotherapy has significantly improved the prognosis of T-acute lymphoblast leukemia/lymphoma. However, once the disease appears to be relapsed/refractory, there is limited treatment options, and the overall prognosis is extremely poor. Therefore, exploring safe and effective treatments is a critical unmet medical need. Since 95% of T-ALLs express CD7, this might provide an effective targeting approach for the vast majority of T-ALL cases.
22335562|NCT05398614|"Main research purposes:~To evaluate the tolerability and safety of SENL101 in patients with relapsed or refractory CD7+ hematolymphoid malignancies.~Secondary research purposes:~To preliminarily evaluate the efficacy, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of SENL101 in the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory CD7+ hemolymphoid malignancies.~Exploratory research purpose：~To explore the immunogenicity of SENL101；~T cell NK cell recovery time after treatment；~Other indicators of interest to researchers。"
22335724|NCT03710421|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To evaluate the safety and tolerability of intravenous (i.v.) delivered autologous CS1-CAR T cells for research participants with CS1+ recurrent/refractory multiple myeloma (MM).~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Evaluate the response rates at days 28, 100, and 180 post CAR T cell infusion.~II. Measure the persistence of CS1-CAR T cells in blood and marrow. III. Measure phenotype and anti-tumor functionality of CS1-CAR T cells in marrow and blood.~IV. Measure the levels of cytokines in blood and marrow, and soluble CS-1 in blood post infusion as a surrogate indicator of CAR T cell activity.~V. Evaluate CS-1 expression on MM cancer cells before, during and at progressive disease (PD) to determine antigenic loss.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVE:~I. Describe the percentage of MM cells that express CS-1 surface marker before, during and at PD.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of CS1-CAR T cells.~Patients undergo leukapheresis over 2-4 hours. Beginning 3-4 weeks, patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) on days -4 and/or -3 or fludarabine IV and cyclophosphamide IV on days -5 to -3. Patients then undergo CS1-CAR T therapy over 10-15 minutes on day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 1 day, at least every 2 days for up to a minimum of 14 days, weekly for 1 month, monthly for 1 year, then periodically for up to 15 years."
22203254|NCT04206943|Clinical trials of CAR-T cell therapy started at the end of 1990s. Phase I and II trials have still evaluated the efficacy and safety of CAR-T cells in hematological and solid cancers. The therapy involves drawing blood from patients and isolation of the T cells. Next, the T cells are genetically engineered in a laboratory by using virus or sleeping beauty to produce receptors on their surface named as chimeric antigen receptors. As the last step, the CAR-T cells are infused back into the patient. After infusion, it is expected that the CAR-T cells further increase in number in the patient's body and with the help of their engineered receptor to recognize and target the antigen on the surface of the cancerous cells for antitumor effect.
22077197|NCT01460901|Neuroblastoma (NB) is the most common extracranial tumor of childhood and prognosis for patients with relapsed or refractory disease is < 10% and there is no standard therapy for these patients. Research toward immunotherapeutic agents has intensified as monoclonal antibody targeting GD2, when incorporated into upfront NB therapy, prolongs survival. Allogeneic Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) has been utilized in patients with NB with evidence of a graft versus tumor (GVT) effect but transplant related mortality (TRM) has nullified the survival benefit. In an effort to harness the GVT effect of allogeneic transplant and lower TRM, harvested viral specific cytotoxic T-cells from the donor will be infused early post-HSCT to the HSCT recipient to shorten the recovery of immunity toward the most significant viral infections. The investigators will also retrovirally transduce the viral specific CTL with a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) gene complex such that the tV-CTL can expand, via their native T-cell receptors in response to viral infections post-HSCT and carry the capability of killing tumor cells through their transduced receptor which, on the extracellular component of the CAR, has specificity for GD2 expressed on the surface of NB. In essence, the investigators intend to take the specificity of the monoclonal antibody to GD2, already utilized in therapy for NB, and combine this specificity with the cytotoxicity of T-cells to target NB. The investigators hypothesize that the infusion will be safe and viral specificity of the tV-CTL will provide long term immunity to both viral infections and the investigators will see anti-tumor effects.
22077210|NCT04888468|This is a single-center, single-arm, open-label study. The study plans to set up 3 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 9-18 subjects with relapsed or refractory B-ALL.pCAR-19B will be infused to the subject by intravenous infusion.
22335985|NCT03919526|Participants with MRD-positive B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, Electrocardiograph, CT/MRI , and blood draws. Participants receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of CD19/CD22 CAR+ T cells. After the infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of CD19/CD22 CAR+ T cells. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22335987|NCT05488132|Sialic acid-binding immunoglobulin-like lectins (Siglec) are a class of classical immunoglobulin-like lectins. Studies have shown that Siglec-6 is commonly expressed in AML but not detected on normal hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSC/P). In vitro experiments revealed that anti-Siglec-6 CAR-T cell treatment did not affect the viability or lineage differentiation in colony-forming assays. These data suggest that anti-SigLlec-6 is an ideal target with great potential for treating acute myeloid leukemia.
22336035|NCT03262298|Clinical success with chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)- based immunotherapy for leukemia has been accompanied by the associated finding that antigen-escape variants of the disease are responsible for relapse. Despite anti-CD19 CAR-T exhibited the ability to re-induce remissions for many patients with relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies, a part of those patients will relapse with CD19-negative malignancies. CD22 is a type I transmembrane protein expressed on most mature B lymphocyte in the B cell malignancies，and plays a significant role in signal transduction pathway. The investigators design and conduct this trial to test the safety and effectiveness of CD22-targeted CAR-T.
22203340|NCT05562024|"In the dose-escalation phase of the Phase I clinical trial, a traditional 3+3 trial design was adopted, with a total of 3 dose groups designed. The dose of T/kg was gradually increased, and a total of 12-18 subjects with relapsed/refractory neuroblastoma were enrolled.Within each dose group, the next subject can be dosed after the previous subject has completed at least 14 days of safety observations. After the last subject of each dose group completed the dose-limited toxicity (DLT) evaluation within 28 days after a single dose, the SMC (Safety Monitoring Committee) agreed to enter the next dose group after evaluating the clinical safety data. After that, the enrolment treatment for the next dose group can be started.When 1 DLT occurs in 3 subjects in a dose group, 3 additional subjects in the same dose group (up to 6 subjects in this dose group complete the DLT assessment): If the additional 3 subjects If no DLT occurs, continue dose escalation; if 1 out of 3 additional subjects develops DLT, stop dose escalation; if &gt; 1 of 3 additional subjects develops DLT DLT, then stop the dose escalation, and at the same time need to reduce a dose to continue to enroll 3 subjects for DLT evaluation.~In the dose expansion phase of the Phase I clinical trial, SMC will review the obtained safety and available data on efficacy, PK, immunogenicity, etc., and give the RP2D dose after comprehensive evaluation. In the dose expansion phase, the RP2D dose group will continue to be enrolled 3 ~6 subjects, further clarify the preliminary efficacy and safety of RP2D."
22139594|NCT03330834|"The morbidity and mortality of lung cancer ranks the first in all malignancies. Although targeted therapy such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) and activated lymphocyte kinase (ALK)-TKI can prolong non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients' survival, drug resistance almost occurs inevitably.~In recent years, PD-L1/PD-1 antibodies like Nivolumab and Pembrolizumab, show satisfactory therapeutic potential in the treatment of cancers like melanoma and lung cancer. Latest clinical investigations show that anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody therapy can prolong patients' survival but actually only 20% of patients benefited from it.~Chimeric antigen receptor T-Cell (CAR-T) was genetically modified T lymphocytes by pseudo-lentiviral transduction to provide them with high binding affinity and specificity to the tumor antigen. That affinity was provided by CAR, independent from major histocompatibility complex (MHC).~CAR-T cell immunotherapy had shown tremendous success in the treatment of acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL). Cluster of Differentiation (CD)-19 CAR-T cell treatment archived as high as 92% complete response rate for refractory and recurrent ALL. When the CAR-T cells targeting Her2/neu were given to the patients, mortality was observed from cardiopulmonary failure due to the weak expression of Her2/neu on the pulmonary epithelial cells. In contrast, Her2/neu antibody (trastuzumab) is widely applied safely in clinic to treat breast cancer patients. It strongly suggests that the CAR-T cells are more potent.~Thus investigators hypothesized that the CAR targeting tumor cell PD-L1 would significantly improve the efficacy of CAR-T cells and extend their application in the treatment of solid tumors, especially lung cancer. Investigators designed and cloned a PD-L1 CAR gene that targets the PD-L1 expressed on tumor cells. Given that PD-L1 CAR-T cells can effectively kill not only PD-L1 positive tumor cells in vivo but also immunosuppressive cells (like myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs)) inside tumors, they can remarkably improve immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment. Accordingly they can restore the function of tumor infiltrated T-lymphocytes(TILs) to achieve the synergistic effect of killing tumor cells that can greatly enhance the killing effects of PD-L1 CAR-T cells on tumor cells, even eliminate tumors.~The preclinical studies showed that PD-L1 CAR-T cells could be activated by and had significant killing effects on PD-L1 positive tumor cells in vitro. They inhibited tumor growth, while no obvious toxicity have been observed in mouse xenograft models. Investigators decide to explore the safety and efficacy of the new CAR-T cells in the phase I clinical study in the treatment of advanced NSCLC patients."
22336297|NCT05211557|"The purpose of this study is to test the safety and efficacy of a newly developed fully human scFv-armed B7H3 targeting chimeric antigen receptor T cells (fhB7H3.CAR-Ts), which are supposed to attack and eliminate B7H3-positive cancer cells. The patients who have been diagnosed as recurrent or relapsed malignant ovarian cancer, especially ovarian cancer patients with refractory ascites, will be potentially enrolled after assessing the expression of B7H3 antigen in tumor tissue by immunohistochemistry staining or ascitic tumor cells by flow cytometry.~After enrollment, participants' peripheral blood mononuclear cells will be collected and used to manufacture fhB7H3.CAR-Ts. Before infusion, the patients will receive lymphodepletion chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine for three consecutive days. Two days later after lymphodepletion, the fhB7H3.CAR-Ts would be given through an abdominal catheter for intraperitoneal infusion. From the day of infusion, participants' peripheral blood and ascites will be collected twice a week in the first month for monitoring the survival of fhB7H3.CAR-Ts and evaluating the therapeutic efficacy. Additional follow-up and examination will be performed monthly for the first three month and then trimonthly until one year. Thereafter, annual follow-up will be completed for 5 years.~In addition, since the fhB7H3.CAR-Ts containing a RQR8 safety-switch which could be targeted and removed by Rituximab. Participants who experience life-threatening toxicities caused by uncontrollable proliferation of fhB7H3.CAR-Ts will receive infusion of Rituximab (Rituxan or Ruxience or Halpryza) to assess the ability of RQR8 safety-switch to eliminate infused fhB7H3.CAR-Ts.~This is an investigator-initiated clinical study to assess first-line clinical performance of novel fhB7H3.CAR-Ts which may help other advanced and recurrent ovarian cancer patients in the future."
22336308|NCT05477446|There are limited options for treatment of r/r langerhans cell histiocytosis. CD207 is expressed on the membrane surface of langerhans cells，and it is an ideal target for CAR-T. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CD207 targeted CAR- T cell therapy in patients with r/r langerhans cell histiocytosis. The primary goal is safety and efficiency assessment, including incidence and severity of adverse events and overall response rate.
22336448|NCT03222674|"Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a malignant disease characterized by the rapid growth of myeloblasts that build up in the bone marrow and interfere with the production of normal blood cells.~In this study, the patients' own T cells will be genetically modified with lentiviral vectors expressing chimeric antigen receptors. The multi-CAR T cells recognize specific molecules such as CD33, CD38, CD123, CD56, MucI, and CLL1, which are often found expressed on the surface of AML cells. The engineered CAR T cells will be infused into patients.~The purpose of this clinical study is to assess the feasibility, safety and efficacy of the multi-CAR T cell therapy against AML. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the function of the multi-CAR T cells and their persistency in the patients."
22077756|NCT04196205|CD19 has been extensively evaluated as a therapeutic target for relapsed or refractory B cell malignancy by chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy,this is a single arm, open-label, single center study to determine the safety and efficacy of Anti-CD19 CAR-T cells in patients with refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia and Lymphomas.
22336920|NCT05194709|The treatment cycle in this study is 21 days. The administration of CAR-NK cell will be performed on day 1 and day 3 of each cycle. Subjects will be treated continuously until the criteria for termination of treatment are met. In this study, the dose escalation design is adopted. The first administration dose in the first cycle is 3.0×10^9 cells. If no adverse events were observed, the second administration dose in the first cycle would be 4.0×10^9 cells, and each administration dose in the second cycle and thereafter would be 4.0×10^9 cells.
22078235|NCT02992834|This is a single-centre, randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T-cells (CD19 CAR T-cells) in patients with chemotherapy-resistant or refractory CD19+ B cell lymphoma. Following informed consent and registration to the trial, Patients will receive the allogeneic CD19 CAR T-cells following lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The study will evaluate the safety, efficacy and duration of response of the CD19 CAR T-cells in patients with chemotherapy-resistant or refractory CD19+ B cell lymphoma.
22337072|NCT02439788|"To prepare the neuroblastoma specific Natural Killer T cells (also called GINAKIT cells), about 80 mL (up to 6 tablespoons) of blood will be collected from the patient. For children, the total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 ml (less than 1 teaspoon) per 2.2 lbs of body weight.~In case the neuroblastoma specific Natural Killer T cells cannot be expanded from the amount of blood that can safely be drawn from the patient, the investigators may attempt to collect white blood cells from the patient by using a special type of blood donation called leukocyte apheresis. Unlike a regular blood draw or whole blood donation in which whole blood is removed from patient's body, the apheresis process connects the patient to a machine that removes a particular component of their blood and then returns the rest of the blood back to them. The white blood cells collected during leukocyte apheresis will be used to make the GINAKIT cells.~Once collected, the white blood cells will be mixed with a special protein to separate the Natural Killer T cells from the white blood cells using a special machine called a CliniMACS Reagent System in the laboratory. This is an investigational device that is not approved by the FDA. Although this device is not approved for use in this country, it has been in use for years and is approved in other countries. The investigators will put the new genes into patient's Natural Killer T cells by mixing them with a retroviral vector (a special virus that can carry a new gene into cells) containing the new gene called iC9-GD2-CD28-OX40. After the new gene has been put into the Natural Killer T cells, the cells will be tested to make sure that they kill GD2-positive neuroblastoma cells and that the cells are killed by the activation of iC9. The GINAKIT cells may be given back to the patient fresh or frozen.~This is a dose escalation study. This means that at the beginning, patients will be started on the lowest dose (1 of 4 different levels) of GINAKIT cells. Once that dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at a higher dose. This process will continue until all 4 dose levels are studied. If the side effects are too severe, the dose will be lowered or the infusions will be stopped.~Before getting the GINAKIT cells, patients will receive cyclophosphamide and fludarabine intraveneously for 2 days and then fludarabine alone for one more day. Patients will then have one day of rest with no chemotherapy before receiving the GINAKIT cells.~The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital. Patients will need to stay in Houston for 4 weeks after the infusion so the investigators can monitor them for side effects. They will have follow-up visits (at weeks 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8; months 3, 6, 9, and 12; twice a year for 4 years and then once a year for the next 10 years - for a total of 15 years) and scheduled disease evaluations after the GINAKIT cell infusion (at week 4 and then as clinically needed). Also, to learn more about the way the GINAKIT cells are working and how long they last in the body, blood will be obtained before the chemotherapy, on the day of the GINAKIT cell infusion (before and at the end of the infusion) and at the follow-up visits (time points listed above).~If the patient experiences no significant side effects during or after the first GINAKIT cell infusion and their cancer remains stable or responds, they may be offered additional doses of the same cell dose in the future."
22078465|NCT03159819|"For patients with gastric adenocarcinoma who have not been cured with first line chemotherapy, and who are not willing to undergo second line chemotherapy after the failure of first line chemotherapy while there are no effective therapies for their unmet medical needs known at this time, and for patients with advanced/metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma which has relapsed after surgery or for which there is no surgical indication, who have not been cured with or refused to receive other standard regimens, single or multiple doses of CAR-CLD18 T cells will be given to observe safety and efficacy of CAR-CLD18 T cells.~Primary objectives:~Determine the safety, tolerability and cytokinetics of the autologous T cells transduced with anti-Claudin18.2 lentiviral vector in patients with gastric adenocarcinoma and pancreatic adenocarcinoma.~Secondary objectives:~Make a preliminary evaluation on the efficacy of CAR-CLD18 T cells in patients with gastric adenocarcinoma and pancreatic adenocarcinoma with the following parameters:~Time of tumor progression (TTP);~Disease Control Rate (DCR);~Objective Remission Rate (ORR);~Overall Survival (OS)."
22337279|NCT03182816|"This study will be conducted using a phase I/II trial design to assess the efficacy and safety of the CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies expressing EGFR-CAR-T for patients with EGFR positive advanced recurrent or refractory malignant solid tumors. EGFR-CAR-T can specificly and effectively kill the EGFR positive cancer cells, CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies are secreted from the CAR-T cells could improve immunosuppression microenvironment, new CAR-T cells contain the advantages of CAR-T and immune checkpoint inhibitor, which is a promising therapeutic method for advanced solid tumors.~The new CAR-T therapy is applied to clinical practice as bellow. T cells are prepared from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) by leukapheresis, then activated and engineered to express CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies and chimeric antigen receptor targeting EGFR. Cells are proliferated in culture and returned to the patients by venous transfusion therapy. A total of 40 patients may be enrolled in the study. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 24 months."
22337469|NCT02706392|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To evaluate the safety of adoptive T cell therapy using ex vivo expanded autologous cluster of differentiation (CD)8+ and CD4+ ROR1 CAR-T cells for patients with advanced ROR1+ hematologic (Cohort A) and epithelial (Cohort B) malignancies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells.~II. To determine trafficking of adoptively transferred T cells traffic to the bone marrow or other tumor site and function in vivo.~III. To determine preliminary antitumor activity of the adoptive transfer of ROR1 CAR-T cells in patients with measurable tumor burden prior to T cell transfer.~OUTLINE: This is a dose escalation study of ROR1 CAR-specific autologous T-lymphocytes.~Patients receive chemotherapy comprising fludarabine phosphate and cyclophosphamide as determined by the referring physician in consultation with the protocol principal investigator (PI). Beginning within 36-96 hours after completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy, patients receive ROR1 CAR-specific autologous T-lymphocytes intravenously (IV) over 20-30 minutes. Patients may receive a second infusion of ROR1 CAR-specific autologous T-lymphocytes with or without additional cytoreductive therapy at the same (for those that received the highest cell dose) or up to the next highest dose level and there is persistent disease, there were no toxicities attributed to the first infusion, and the patient is at least 21 days from the first T cell infusion.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for at least 15 years."
22337473|NCT02416466|Patients undergo leukapheresis from which peripheral blood mononuclear cells are purified. T cells are activated and then re-engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) specific for CEA. Cells are expanded in culture and returned to the patient by percutaneous hepatic artery infusion at specific cell doses. Prior to the first dose, each patient will undergo diagnostic angiography to verify suitable arterial anatomy. Three anti-CEA CAR-T doses and one SIR-Sphere dose per patient are planned at 2-week intervals. Low dose interleukin-2 will be given via an ambulatory infusion pump for 6 weeks.Normal liver and tumor biopsies will be obtained at the time of the initial diagnostic angiogram and during the final infusion session.
22273405|NCT03980288|"This is a phase I open-label, single and multiple infusion, dose escalation/cohort expansion study to evaluate the safety, cell pharmacokinetics, and preliminary efficacy of CAR-GPC3 T cells, infused intravenously in subjects who have been diagnosed with GPC3 positive advanced hepatocellular carcinoma and refractory or intolerant to current standard systemic treatment.~Primary objectives:~•To evaluate the safety and tolerability of CAR-GPC3 T cells infused intravenously at escalating doses in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.~Secondary objectives:~To evaluate the cellular pharmacokinetics of CAR-GPC3 T cells~To evaluate the overall safety and tolerability of infusion of CAR-GPC3 T cells~To investigate the preliminary efficacy of CAR-GPC3 T cells in the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma"
22078923|NCT03696784|"This study is a phase I dose finding trial to determine if chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cells targeting the CD19 antigen and containing the inducible caspase 9 safety switch can be safely administered to adult subjects with relapsed or refractory B-cell Lymphoma, primary central nervous system lymphoma and chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)/small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL). The safety of iC9-CAR19 cells will be investigated using the 3+3 design. The starting dose of 1 x 106 transduced cells/kg (dose level 1) will enroll at least 3 subjects in the initial cohort. If there are no dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) within 4 weeks of the cell infusion in these 3 subjects, then the next cohort will evaluate 2 x 106 transduced cells/kg. If there is toxicity in 1/3 subjects in the initial cohort, the cohort will be expanded to enroll up to 6 subjects. During iC9-CAR19 T cell dose exploration, rimiducid (0.4 mg/kg), a dimerizing agent that is designed to engage and activate the caspase 9 safety switch to trigger iC9-CAR19 T cell death by apoptosis will be given to subjects who develop grade 4 cytokine release syndrome (CRS) or grade ≥3 CRS that is unresponsive to standard of care interventions, and to subjects who develop grade ≥3 Immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome ( ICANS) that does not improve to grade ≤1 within 72 hours with standard of care interventions, and subjects with grade 4 ICANS of any duration that have evidence of cerebral edema and/or generalized convulsive status epilepticus. After the tolerable cell dose (TCD) of iC9-CAR19 T cells has been determined, up to 18 additional adult subjects may be enrolled in an expansion cohort at the TCD. Rimiducid will be given to subjects in the expansion cohort who develop grade ≥3 immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) that does not improve to grade ≤1 within 72 hours with standard of care interventions, and subjects with grade 4 ICANS of any duration that have evidence of cerebral edema and/or generalized convulsive status epilepticus. Subjects in the expansion cohort who experience ≥grade 2 CRS or ICANS that remains ≥grade 2 twenty-four hours after initial standard of care treatment (tocilizumab for CRS or steroids for ICANS) may be part of the rimiducid sub-study. These subjects will receive one of two assigned dose levels of rimiducid with their second standard of care treatment. The percent reduction in CAR T cells will be measured in these subjects. If the subjects' CRS or ICANS is unresponsive to standard treatment and the assigned dose level of rimiducid, subjects with ≥grade3 CRS or ICANS will then be given a full dose (0.4 mg/kg) of rimiducid. If the subject's CRS or ICANS is at grade 2 48 hours after the first dose of rimiducid, they will receive another dose of rimiducid at the assigned dose level.~Cell Procurement Peripheral blood, up to 300 mL (in up to 3 collections) will be obtained from subjects for cell procurement. In subjects with inadequate lymphocyte count in the peripheral blood, a leukapheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient T cells. The parameters for apheresis will be up to 2 blood volumes.~Lymphodepleting Regimen Subjects will receive a pre-conditioning cytoreductive regimen of bendamustine 70 mg/m2/day administered IV followed by an IV dose of fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day administered over 3 consecutive days. These agents will be administered per institutional guidelines. Prophylaxis (e.g., hydration, antiemetics, etc.) needed prior to fludarabine and bendamustine chemotherapy will be provided per institutional guidelines. At the discretion of the clinical investigator, subjects with a known history of intolerance to bendamustine may be considered for lymphodepletion with cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m2/day administered by IV followed by an IV dose of fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day administered over 3 consecutive days. These agents will be administered per institutional guidelines.~Administration of iC9-CAR19 T cells Post lymphodepletion, subjects who meet eligibility criteria for cellular therapy will receive iC9-CAR19 T cells within 2 - 14 days after completing the lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen. Post lymphodepletion iC9-CAR19 will be administered at dose levels specified in the protocol. A recently published trial in refractory DLBCL established that a dose of 2 x 10 6 CAR19+ T cells/kg was safe and associated with significant in vivo expansion and we anticipate similar results with iC9-CAR19+ T cells.~Duration of Therapy Therapy in this study involves 1 infusion of iC9-CAR19 cells.~Duration of Follow-up Subjects who receive a cell infusion will be followed for up to 15 years for replication-competent retrovirus evaluation or until death, whichever occurs first. Subjects who are removed from study and do not receive the cellular therapy product due to unacceptable adverse events will be followed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse event."
22338065|NCT02535364|This is a single-arm, multicenter Phase 2 study to determine the efficacy and safety of JCAR015 in adult patients with relapsed or refractory B-ALL. The study will have the following sequential phases: Part A (screening, leukapheresis, cell product preparation, and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and Part B (treatment and follow-up). The follow-up period for each participant is approximately 12 months after the final JCAR015 infusion. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 3 years. Long-term follow-up for survival, toxicity, and viral vector safety will continue under a separate long-term follow-up protocol per health regulatory authority guidelines, currently up to 15 years after the last JCAR015 infusion.
22141080|NCT03467256|"The main objectives of the study are:~To investigate the safety of auto-CD19 CAR T-cells therapy among children and young adults with refractory/relapsed B-cell ALL on the basis of prospective evaluation of adverse affects frequency and severity according to CTCAE v.4~To study the efficacy of auto-CD19 CAR T-cells therapy among children and young adults with refractory/relapsed B-cell ALL on the basis of proportion of patients in haematological and molecular remission at 28 days after infusion.~To evaluate long-term efficacy of auto-CD19 CAR T-cells therapy among children and young adults with refractory/relapsed B-cell ALL on the basis of overall and event-free survival at 1 and 3 years after infusion.~The novelty of this study will be cytokine release syndrome prophylaxis by tocilizumab Patients will receive fludarabine 120 mg/m2 (totally) intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on days -5 to -2 and cyclophosphamide 750 mg/m2 IV over 60 minutes on day -2. One hour prior to infusion of CAR T-cells patients will receive tocilizumab IV 8 mg/kg (max 800 mg) over 1 hour. Patients then receive CD19-CAR T cells IV over 20-30 minutes on day 0.~This is a dose-escalation study of CD19-CAR T cells. Dose escalation consistently:~Level 1 5х105/kg CD19 CAR-T lymphocytes~Level 2 1х106/kg CD19 CAR-T lymphocytes~Level 3 3х106/kg CD19 CAR-T lymphocytes~Level 0 1х105/kg CD19 CAR-T lymphocytes (in case of dose-limiting toxicity at dose Level 1) In case of severe side affects next dose will be reduced to the previous lower dose.~Based on interim analysis the following dosing approach based on stratification by the initial leukemia burden will be implemented starting November 2019:~• Patients with low disease burden (<15% blast cells in BM) will receive a lymphodepletion chemotherapy of fludarabine IV (total dose 120mg/m2) and cyclophosphamide IV (total dose 750mg/m2) over 5 days.~CD19 CAR-T cells will be infused IV in dose 1x106/kg on day 0.~• Patients will high disease burden (>15% blast cells in BM) will receive a lymphodepletion chemotherapy of fludarabine IV (total dose 120 mg/m2), cyclophosphamide IV (total dose 750 mg/m2), cytarabine IV (total dose 900 mg/m2), etoposide IV (total dose 450 mg/m2), dexamethasone IV (total dose 30 mg/m2) over 5 days.~CD19 CAR-T cells 1st dose will be infused IV on day 0 - 0,1x106/kg, 2nd dose will be infused IV between day 7 and 14 - 0,9x106/kg."
22079020|NCT05312476|Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma is a group of malignant neoplasms of the lymphatic system originating from B or T cells, of which 60-70% of patients have B-cell-derived lymphoma (B-NHL). Although rituximab in combination with chemotherapy has significantly improved the prognosis of B-cell lymphoma, some patients still have primary resistance or relapse. In recent years, breakthroughs have been made in the treatment of B-cell tumors with Chimeric Antigen Receptor-Modified T Cells (CART), the investigators therefore constructed CAR-T cells targeting Igβ to investigate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T cells with this target for the treatment of r/r B-NHL.
22079068|NCT04088890|"Primary Objective:~Determine the feasibility of manufacturing CD22 CAR T cells using the Miltenyi CliniMACS Prodigy® system for administration to adults with relapsed/refractory CD22 expressing B-cell ALL or relapsed/refractory aggressive B-cell non hodgkins lymphoma (NHL).~Establish the maximum tolerated dose (MTD)/recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) of CD22 CAR T cells in adults with relapsed/refractory aggressive B-cell NHL.~Determine the safety of an established dose of CD22-CAR T cells in adults with relapsed/refractory CD22 expressing B-cell ALL and the safety of the MTD/RP2D of CD22-CAR T cells in adults with relapsed/refractory aggressive B-cell NHL.~Secondary Objective:~- Assess the clinical activity of CD22-CAR T cells in adults with R/R CD22 expressing B-cell ALL and R/R aggressive B-cell NHL, including overall survival (OS) and progressive free survival (PFS)."
22204634|NCT05664217|"Patients will be treated with lymphodepletion chemotherapy (as recommended by the CAR-T cell manufacturer) and soon after will receive a one-time CD19-directed CAR-T cell infusion (as per product label). Study drug (NKTR-255 or placebo) will be administered intravenously approximately 14 days after CAR-T cell infusion and administered every 3 weeks for up to 7 cycles or 5 months (whichever is earlier) in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After completion of study treatment, patients will be followed-up at 30 days, and then at 9,12,18, 24, and 36 months after CAR-T cell infusion.~The study will be conducted in two stages: Stage 1 (Phase II) is expected to complete the enrollment of 56 patients by the end of 2023. Primary endpoint data will be available in the second half of 2024. Stage 2 (Phase III) is expected to initiate before the end of 2024."
22204653|NCT05621291|"Background:~Given the dismal outcomes for patients who experience a relapse following CD19 CART and the potential for using Hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) for post-CART remission consolidation for relapse prevention, there is a clear opportunity to improve outcomes for patients with B-ALL who proceed to CART. With a goal of improving overall survival, it remains critically important to be able to predict which patients are at high risk of relapse in whom an HCT would be indicated for remission consolidation. Distinguishing this high-risk cohort from low-risk patients who are able to maintain durable remission following CART and in whom HCT-associated toxicities could be avoided is equally important.~Thus, in the context of this biomarker-based study, we propose a systematic approach utilizing the best-known biomarkers for remission monitoring which assess both functional CART persistence and incorporates antigen immunophenotype agnostic approach for disease detection will improve LFS post CD19 CART.~Objective:~-To assess efficacy of a novel biomarker-guided risk-based strategy to monitor remission, both by assessing functional CART persistence and incorporating antigen immunophenotype agnostic approach (NGS monitoring) for disease detection, to inform decisions regarding post-CART HCT needed intervention, and to successfully collect biomarker samples at the scheduled times in enrolled HCT naive B-ALL participants receiving CD19 CART.~Eligibility:~Age >=1 year and <= 25 years old at the time of CD19 CART infusion~Diagnosis of CD19+ B-ALL in a bone marrow morphologic complete remission and are flow cytometry measurable residual disease (MRD) negative within 42 days post CD19 CART infusion.~Unsupported neutrophil count > 500 cell/mm^3~Must have an allogeneic HCT donor identified for potential HCT~B-cell aplasia post CD19 CART persisting until the time of the first on-study intervention~Design:~-This single-arm multicenter study will enroll pediatric and young adult participants to evaluate the feasibility, and potential efficacy, of a risk-based, biomarker-driven, consolidation HCT strategy following CD19 CART."
22204790|NCT04960579|Phase 1 study consisting of two parts. Part 1 is a weight-based dose escalation following a 3+3 design of dose-escalating cohorts. Part 2 includes administration at fixed doses. After enrollment, subjects may receive a lymphodepletion therapy regimen before administration of allogeneic CAR-T cells, administered as a single or multiple doses. Treated subjects will undergo serial measurements of safety, tolerability and response. Rimiducid may be administered as indicated.
22079213|NCT05381181|"CD19-UCART is a kind of off-the-shelf product originated from health donor's PBMC. This is an open-label, single arm study to evaluate the safety and anti- tumor efficacy of Next-generation CD19-UCART in the treatment of relapsed or refractory B-cell hematological malignancies."
22204833|NCT04637763|This clinical trial is a first-in-human, Phase 1, multicenter, open-label evaluation of safety and emerging efficacy of CB-010 in adults with relapsed/refractory B cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The study is conducted in two parts: Part A is dose escalation following a 3 + 3 design, with sequential, prespecified, increasing doses. Part B is the expansion portion where patients will receive CB-010 at the dose determined in Part A.
22204852|NCT04530565|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To compare the overall survival (OS) following induction with steroids + TKI + blinatumomab versus induction with steroids + TKI + chemotherapy.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To compare the rate of minimal residual disease (MRD) negativity for patients treated with chemotherapy versus (vs) blinatumomab at the end of first induction (week 15).~II. To evaluate the rate of the MRD negativity by treatment arm for those patients MRD positive after the first induction and administered of second induction.~III. To compare event free survival (EFS) for patients initially randomized for chemotherapy vs blinatumomab.~IV. To assess the toxicities of blinatumomab + TKI vs. TKI + chemotherapy in this patient population.~V. To assess the toxicities of the chemotherapy regimen in this patient population.~VI. To describe the outcome of patients who proceed to allogeneic stem cell transplant after treatment with blinatumomab + TKI only.~OUTLINE:~ARM A (PRE-INDUCTION): Patients receive prednisone orally (PO) once daily (QD) on days 1-21 and ponatinib hydrochloride (ponatinib) PO QD or dasatinib PO QD on days 1-21 based on investigator's choice.~Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms (Arm B or C). Patients undergo bone marrow aspiration with biopsy, lumbar punctures, echocardiogram (ECHO), and multigated acquisition (MUGA) scans as indicated by investigator.~ARM B (INDUCTION THERAPY):~CYCLE 1: Patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) twice daily (BID) on days 1-3, dexamethasone PO or IV on days 1-4 and 11-14, cytarabine intrathecally (IT) on day 1, doxorubicin hydrochloride (doxorubicin) IV on day 4, vincristine sulfate (vincristine) IV on days 4 and 11, and methotrexate IT on day 8. Patients also receive Mesna 600mg/m^2 IV as a 'chemoprotectant' via continuous infusion on days 1-3, (beginning 1 hour prior to cyclophosphamide and completed by 12 hours after the last dose of cyclophosphamide).~CYCLE 2 (AGE 18-70): Starting in cycle 2, fit patients aged 18-70 receive dasatinib 70mg/day PO or ponatinib 30mg/day PO on days 1-21, methotrexate IV over 24 hours and IT on day 1, and cytarabine IV over 2 hours on days 2-3 of each cycle. On day 22 of cycle 2 or later, as soon as the absolute neutrophil count (ANC) is greater than 1000 cells/ul and platelets are greater than 50,000 cells/ul, patients receive hyper cyclophosphamide, vincristine, doxorubicin, and dexamethasone (CVAD) for 2 additional cycles.~CYCLE 2 (AGE > 70 or unfit < 70): Starting in cycle 2, patients age > 70 or younger unfit patients for Hyper-CVAD receive ponatinib PO QD or dasatinib PO QD on days 1-21 of each cycle. Patients also receive methotrexate IV over 24 hours and IT on day 1, and cytarabine IV over 2 hours on days 2-3 of each cycle. Cycle 1 and 2 regimens are each repeated once starting on day 22 of cycle 2, or later, but as soon as the ANC is greater than 1000 cells/ul and platelets are greater than 50,000 cells/ul.~Treatment repeats every 21 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients who achieve remission (significant reduction in the amount of leukemia in bone marrow and blood/MRD negative) after 4 cycles may receive alternative treatment, either consolidation with two cycles of Hyper-CVAD followed by TKI maintenance therapy or undergo allogeneic stem cell transplantation followed by maintenance therapy. Patients who do not achieve a remission (MRD positive) are assigned to Arm D. Patients who experience un-resolving renal failure or life-threatening infection which may require a treatment delay of 21 days cross-over to Arm C to receive the prescribed course of blinatumomab.~ARM C (INDUCTION THERAPY):~CYCLE 1: Patients receive ponatinib PO QD or dasatinib PO QD on days 1-28. Patients also receive dexamethasone PO or IV on day 1 and blinatumomab IV continuously on days 1-28, followed by methotrexate IT on day 28 or 29.~CYCLE 2: Patients receive ponatinib PO QD or dasatinib PO QD on days 1-28. Patients also receive dexamethasone PO or IV on day 1 and blinatumomab IV continuously on days 1-28.~Treatment repeats every 28 days for up to 2 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~ARM D (RE-INDUCTION): Patients treated on Arm B who remain MRD positive at the end of induction therapy receive blinatumomab based re-induction identical to the regimen described for Arm C.~ARM E (RE-INDUCTION): Patients treated on Arm C who remain MRD positive at the end of induction therapy receive chemotherapy based re-induction which is identical to regimen described for Arm B according to patient's age and the pre-specified chemotherapy arm.~Patients whose molecular test remains MRD positive after re-induction proceed to follow-up at the discretion of the investigator or receive anti CD-19 CAR- T cell therapy, inotuzumab ozogamicin, intensive chemotherapy, or palliative care.~Patients are followed up for 10 years from the date of registration."
22204910|NCT04099797|"To prepare the brain cancer specific GD2-C7R T cells, research staff will take some blood from the patient. The researchers will grow the GD2.C7R T cells by infecting the T cells with a retroviral vector (a special virus that can carry a new gene into cells) containing one gene that can recognize and kill brain cancer cells GD2.CAR and the new gene called C7R that will help these cells survive longer. After the new genes have been put into the T cells, the cells will be tested to make sure that they kill GD2-positive brain cancer cells.~All patients on this study are required to have an Ommaya catheter in place prior to treatment as a precaution and for infusion of the T cells. This is a special catheter that leads to the tumor, the cavity left in the brain after surgical removal of the tumor, or into the fluid-filled space in the brain. Catheter placement is done by a surgeon and requires anesthesia and is not part of this study. Patients who had a programmable VP shunt placed for other clinical reasons are also eligible.~Because the researchers are growing the cells in the laboratory, blood to test for infectious viruses such as hepatitis and HIV (the virus that causes AIDS) will be collected, and patients will complete a blood donor questionnaire.~The cells generated will be frozen and stored to give back to the patient. Because patients will have received cells with a new gene in them patients will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~Patients will be given the IV treatment already determined to be safe. Patients will also be assigned a dose of GD2-C7R T cells to be given intracerebroventricularly (ICV) via ommaya or programmable VP shunt. The assigned dose of cells is adjusted based on body weight and height.~In this study, patients will receive the GD2-C7R cells and also receive cyclophosphamide and fludarabine (or clofarabine in cases of fludarabine shortage). These two drugs are standard chemotherapy medicines and may be given before the T cells to make space in the blood for the T cells to grow after receiving them.~Cyclophosphamide and fludarabine (or clofarabine) will be given intravenously (through an i.v. needle inserted in a vein or a central line) for 2 days and then fludarabine (or clofarabine) alone on the third day.~Patients will be given an injection of GD2-C7R T cells intracerebroventricularly (ICV) through the ommaya reservoir or programmable VP shunt at the assigned dose. Patients will then be monitored in the hospital for at least 5 days. If patients tolerate the ICV dose well, patients will then receive the IV doses at the previously determined dose. Before receiving the T cell infusion, the patient may be given a dose of Benadryl (diphenhydramine) and Tylenol (acetaminophen). The infusion will take between 1 and 10 minutes. The patient will be monitored in the hospital for at least 5 days. If the first IV infusion half-dose is tolerated well, a second IV infusion may be given 5 to 10 days after initial infusion and the patient will be monitored in the hospital for at least one additional day. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital. The patient will need to stay in Houston for up to 4 weeks from the first IV infusion to monitor for side effects and will be readmitted to the hospital if the patient develops a fever or other concerning side effects.~Patients will have follow-up visits at weeks 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8, then at months 3, 6, 9, and 12, and then twice a year for the next 4 years and annually for the next 10 years for a total of 15 years, with additional neurological evaluations in the first 4 to 5 weeks. The patient will also have scheduled disease evaluations after the T-cell injection at week 4 to 6 and then as clinically needed.~After disease re-evaluation, the patient may be eligible to receive up to three additional cycles of T cells (with up to one ICV and one or two IV infusions each cycle) if the following criteria are met: (1) The disease has not gotten worse and/or it seems the patient may benefit in the future from an additional dose. (2) The patient has not had a severe side effect caused by the infusion of GD2-C7R T cells. The dose will be at the same dose level as the first infusion and separated by at least 6 weeks such that the researchers can make sure there are no severe side effects between infusions. If the patient receives an additional dose of GD2-C7R T-cells, then the patient will need to stay in Houston for up to 4 weeks after the infusion as well to monitor for side effects.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the tumor by routine MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging)~Medical tests during and after treatment--~The patient will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and afterwards:~Physical exams~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the tumor by MRI imaging studies and spinal fluid analysis 6 weeks after the infusion and repeat MRI imaging at 3 months.~Spinal Fluid Tests: Spinal fluid will be drawn from the patient's existing Ommaya reservoir or VP shunt (if clinically feasible) at the time of ICV infusion and at week 1, and 4 and possibly other timepoints if helpful for clinical care. This procedure can be done at the bedside under local anesthesia and 1-5 ml of spinal fluid (about a teaspoon) will be removed. Additional spinal fluid may be removed if the pressure inside the brain is elevated. Additionally, spinal fluid may be removed for clinical reasons, for example testing for a possible infection. Spinal fluid may be used for research purposes, for example to better understand how the infused T cells work, and in future research studies.~To learn more about the way the GD2-C7R T cells are working and how long they last in the body, an extra amount of blood will be obtained on the day that chemotherapy starts, the day of the T-cell infusion(s) and at the end of the T-cell infusion(s), 1, 2, 4, 6 and 8 weeks after the T-cell infusion(s) and every 3 months for the 1st year, every 6 months for the next 4 years and annually for the next 10 years. The amount of blood taken will be based on weight with up to a maximum of 60 mL (12 teaspoons) of blood to be obtained at any one time. For children, the total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 mL (less than 1 teaspoon) per 1 kg of body weight on any one day. This volume is considered safe, but may be decreased if the patient is anemic (has a low red blood cell count).~During the time points listed above, if the GD2-C7R T cells are found in the patient's blood at a certain amount, an extra 5 mL (about 1 teaspoon) of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~If the patient has a procedure where tumor samples are obtained, like a blood is collected or tumor biopsy, a sample will be requested to be used for research purposes.~The patient will receive supportive care for any acute or chronic toxicities, including blood components or antibiotics, and other intervention as appropriate."
22204915|NCT04013802|"The virus-specific T cells (VSTs) given to the patient will be thawed and injected into their intravenous line. To prevent an allergic reaction if the patient had a prior reaction to blood products like blood transfusions or platelets, prior to receiving the VSTs he/she may be given diphenhydramine (Benadryl) and acetaminophen (Tylenol). The patient will remain in the clinic for at least one hour after the infusion.~All participants on this study will be infused with the same number (dose) of cells. If the patient has persistent infection after the first dose, the investigators would discuss this with the patient and allow them to receive up to four more treatments if there were no complications with prior infusions. These additional treatments might be with cells from the same donor, or if the investigators feel that there is another donor whose cells might be better for the patient, the investigators would use cells from a different donor. This second product will be administered at the same dose level 14 days after the patient's initial infusion, and any additional infusions should be at least 14 days apart. After each VST infusion, the patient will be monitored as described above.~After the patient receives the cells the patient's transplant doctor will monitor the levels of the virus the subject is infected with in their blood.~The patient will continue to be followed by their doctor(s) after the injection. They will be seen in the clinic by research staff for follow up every week for 6 weeks. To learn more about the way the VSTs are working in the patient's body, up to an extra 30-40 ml (6-8 teaspoons) of blood may be taken before the infusion and at week 1 (optional), 2, 4, and 6. Blood should come from the central intravenous line, and should not require extra needle sticks. Depending on clinical and laboratory response, samples may be collected at additional time points.~Any leftover samples of blood may be used to help future research. The specimens may be kept for a long time. These specimens and information about the patient's circumstances may be shared with other cancer researchers. Although there will be a record identifying under what circumstances these specimens were obtained, under all circumstances the patient's identity will be kept confidential.~Study Duration : The patient will be on the study for approximately 42 days after the patient's infusion. If the patient receives additional doses of the T cells as described above, the patient will be followed for 42 days after their last dose of T-cells."
22204995|NCT02830724|"Background:~We generated a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that engages CD70 using its natural ligand CD27, as the binding moiety. Transducing peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) with this CAR conveys major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-independent recognition of CD70-expressing target cells, which include renal cell carcinoma and other cancers.~In co-cultures with CD70+ target cells, anti-hCD70 CAR transduced T cells secrete significant amounts of IFN-gamma with high specificity.~Objectives:~Primary objectives:~Phase I: Determine the safety of administering PBL transduced with anti-hCD70 CAR in concert with preparative lymphodepletion and high dose interleukin-2 (IL-2; aldesleukin).~Phase II: Determine if anti-hCD70 CAR-transduced PBL can mediate the regression of CD70 expressing tumors.~Eligibility:~Patients must be/have:~Age >= 18 years and <= 72 years~Metastatic or unresectable CD70-expressing cancer which has progressed after standard therapy~Patients may not have:~Allergies or hypersensitivities to high-dose aldesleukin, cyclophosphamide, or fludarabine.~Design:~This is a phase I/II, single center study of PBL transduced with anti-hCD70 CAR in patients with measurable, unresectable cancer expressing CD70.~PBMC obtained by leukapheresis will be cultured in the presence of anti-CD3 (OKT3) and aldesleukin in order to stimulate T-cell growth.~Transduction is initiated by exposure of these cells to retroviral vector supernatant containing replication-incompetent virus encoding the anti-hCD70 CAR.~All patients will receive a non-myeloablative, lymphodepleting preparative regimen of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine.~On day 0, patients will receive PBL transduced with the anti-hCD70 CAR and will then begin high-dose aldesleukin.~A complete evaluation of lesions will be conducted approximately 6 weeks (plus or minus two weeks) after treatment.~The study will be conducted using a Phase I/II optimal design, with two separate cohorts for the Phase II component:Cohort 2a, patients with CD70-expressing clear cell renal cell carcinoma (RCC), and Cohort 2b, patients with a CD70-expressing non-RCC malignancy (solid tumors only).~A total of up to 124 patients may be required; approximately 38 patients in the Phase I portion of the study and 43 (41, plus an allowance of up to 2 non-evaluable) patients in each cohort of the Phase II portion of the study."
22274215|NCT05371132|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. Evaluate if there is an increase in CD8+ T cells after stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) in irradiated tumors.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To report on the time evolution of zirconium Zr 89-Df-crefmirlimab (CD8 PET tracer) uptake after infusion.~II. To compare CD8 PET tracer uptake at irradiated lesions to uptake at non-irradiated lesions (if any).~III. To assess how differences in site, histology and/or prior therapy relate to immune characterization and changes IV. To assess serum biomarkers of immune response before and after SBRT. V. To assess ability of CD8 PET tracer and imaging to be a biomarker of SBRT. VI. Evaluate CD8 PET tracer with Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) radiology measurements.~VII. To report any adverse events associated with 2 doses of CD8 PET tracer when used in combination with SBRT.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVE:~I. Blood will be collected, processed, and stored for future immune profiling or other correlatives pending additional funding.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive zirconium Zr 89-Df-crefmirlimab intravenously (IV) over 5-10 minutes and then under PET imaging 24 hours after infusion before and after SBRT. Patients undergo SBRT every 2-5 days for a total of 5 fractions.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 4-6 weeks, 3 months, 1 year, and then periodically for 2 years."
22338992|NCT03672305|"Title: Single-center, open clinical study on the efficacy and safety of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cell injection in the treatment of primary hepatocellular carcinoma~Research purpose:~Primary outcome:~To evaluate the efficacy of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cell injection in the treatment of primary hepatocellular carcinoma.~Secondary purpose:~To evaluate the clinical safety of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cell injection in the treatment of primary hepatocellular carcinoma;~To assess the amplification and persistence of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells in subjects.~Study design:Single center, open clinical study~Subjects:Patients with primary hepatocellular carcinoma~Clinical trial cycle:~Screening stage:Selecting enrolled patients and collecting peripheral mononuclear cells; Treating stage: Pretreating and the backtransfusing c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells Follow-up stage:Treatment was observed for 28 days (short-term follow-up), 28 days to 24 weeks (mid-term follow-up), and 24 weeks to progression/death (long-term follow-up);~Trial product:~Trial product:c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells Dosage:The backtransfusion dose was determined by the investigator based on the subject's own/disease condition and in vitro preparation (recommended dose: 2 * 10^6/kg); Infusion way:Steady intravenous drip within 15 to 30 minutes~Clinical trial procedure:~The screening period:~The subjects signed the informed consent form and performed a series of examinations according to the interview flow chart. The researchers judged whether the subjects met the inclusion criteria according to the examination results and inclusion/exclusion criteria, and did not meet the exclusion criteria. If the subjects were enrolled, peripheral blood mononuclear cells were collected, and the collection standard was 2-4 * 10^8 white blood cells;~nonmyeloablative pretreatment:(The following options are selected on a case-by-case basis)~Fludarabine+Cyclophosphamide (FC)~Bis-1-nitrosourea+Etoposide+Arabinoside+Cyclophosphamide (BECA);~Retransfusion period:~The specific time and dose of retransfusion can be determined by the researchers;~Short-term follow-up period:~Subjects will undergo a series of examinations according to the visit flow chart within 28 days after the expected dose of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells injection.The short-term efficacy and safety of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells injection were evaluated by the researchers based on the test results.~Mid-term follow-up:~Subjects will undergo a series of examinations according to the visit flow chart 28 days to 24 weeks after re-transfusion of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells injection.The researchers will evaluate the mid-term efficacy and safety of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells based on the test results.~Long-term follow-up:~Subjects will undergo a series of examinations according to the visit flow chart 24 weeks later until progress or death after retransfusion of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells.The long-term efficacy and safety of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells will be evaluated according to the test results.~Withdrawal visit (at any time) :All subjects may withdraw from this study at any stage of the trial.If the subjects withdraw from the study after returning to the c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells, they shall complete the inspection items required in the visit flow chart, and the reason for the withdrawal shall be recorded in detail by the researchers.If the subject passes screening but withdraws from the visit before returning to the c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells, only the baseline and screening tests need to be completed, and the reason for withdrawal will be recorded in detail by the investigators.If the subject withdraws from the screening test before the end of the screening test, only the screening test shall be completed and the reason for withdrawal shall be recorded in detail by the investigators.If treatment is discontinued due to adverse reactions (AE), the investigators will follow up with the necessary safety until the subjects return to baseline or to a stable state.~Evaluation index Main evaluation index~Objective tumor remission rate (ORR),complete remission (CR) and partial remission (PR) at 4 weeks, 12 weeks, 24 weeks and 48 weeks after treatment with c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells;~Overall survival~Progression free survival~Event-free survival~Secondary evaluation index~Incidence of treatment-related adverse events (level 3 or level 4 adverse reactions, CTCAE V4.03 criteria). These included adverse events related to the treatment of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells, severe adverse events and clinically significant laboratory abnormalities;~The amplification level of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells in the subjects varied with time;~Duration of c-Met/PD-L1 CAR-T cells in the subjects;~The abatement features of hepatocellular carcinoma in subjects.~Statistical analysis SPSS18.0 was used for statistical analysis~The primary and secondary end points were analyzed by intentionality. The statistical analysis method of the end point was used to describe tumor ORR according to different follow-up time. Kaplan-meier method and survival curve were used to describe OS, PFS and EFS~The statistical analysis method of the secondary study endpoint was to describe the occurrence number and incidence of treatment-related adverse events, and to compare the difference of vital signs and laboratory indexes before and after treatment"
22079720|NCT04762485|The patients will receive infusion of CAR T-cells targeting CD7 to confirm the safety and efficacy of CD7 CAR T-Cells in CD7+ relapsed or refractory acute leukemia.
22339258|NCT03473457|"Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a group of genetically highly heterogeneous malignant disease ,its' character is immature myeloid protocel abnormal differentiation and proliferation in the bone marrow. The disease is the most common type of adult acute leukemia, Overall survival (OS) was less than 50% in 5 years. Chimeric Antigen Receptor-transduced T cell (CAR-T) therapy is one of revolutionary targeted immunotherapy.~CAR - T cells are taken in the form of genetic modification, and specific identified target antigen monoclonal antibody of single variable region (scFv) expression in T cell surface, and coupled with the activation of intracellular proliferation signal domain.When scFv recognizes antigens expressed in malignant cells, it stimulates the activation signal of downstream T cells and produces specific killing effects. CAR-T therapy is one of revolutionary targeted immunotherapy.The efficacy of CAR-T cells for the treatment of acute B lymphocytic leukemia has been widely recognized, although it start late, several clinical trials have been register in ClinicalTrials.gov.~The cluster of differentiation (CD) antigen serves as the target for identification and research in the immuno-phenotype detection of cells.As the surface markers of immune typing, CD molecules can be used as cell identification for expression types and levels on the cell surface.Cell surface of AML has a specific type of CD molecule expression,such as cluster of differentiation antigen 33(CD33),cluster of differentiation 38(CD38),cluster of differentiation 56 (CD56), cluster of differentiation 123(CD123), cluster of differentiation 117(CD117), cluster of differentiation 133(CD133), cluster of differentiation 34(CD34) and Mucl.Therefore, it provides some good targets for the immunotherapy of CAR T cells.In AML cells and mouse model,some studies have confirmed anti-CD33 CAR-T and anti-CD123 CAR-T with good similar lethality, but the toxicity of CAR-T to myeloid hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells and mononuclear cells is widespread.In comparison,CD123 CAR-T Off-target effects slighter than CD33 CAR-T.~In order to lay a foundation for the application of relapsed/refractory AML patients with CAR-T therapy，objects are refractory/ relapsed patients with AML,and plans to into the group of the number of cases in 50 cases.The main content is safety, efficacy and feasibility analysis of the CAR-T cells （single CAR-T or double CAR-T cells with CD33,CD38,CD56,CD123,CD117,CD133,CD34 or Mucl ) in the treatment of refractory/relapsed AML."
22079822|NCT03030976|This study is being conducted to assess anti-CD19-CAR-T cells safety and efficacy in treating patients with systemic lupus erythematosus（SLE）.The investigators constructed a 2nd CAR, using CD19 as target, using 4-1BB as co-stimulator, and optimized the spatial conformation by a suitable hinge and transmembrane domain sequences. The infusion dose is (1-10)E6 CAR positive T cells/kg, and the specific cells numbers depends on the situation of individual CAR-T cells preparation.
22339379|NCT03672851|This is a dose-escalation study of autologous anti-CD123 CAR-T cells. Patients receive fludarabine phosphate(300 mg/m^2) and cyclophosphamide (30 mg/m^2) IV on days -5 to -3, and then Patients receive autologous anti-CD123 CAR T cells IV over 20 minutes on day 0 (20% of total dose), day2 (30% of total dose) and day6 (50% of total dose, according to the side-effects occured). The total dose of CAR-T cells used in dose-escalation study is 0.5x10^6- 2.0x10^6 CAR-T cells/kg.
22141532|NCT05576220|"The purpose of the study is to evaluate the remote patient temperature monitoring service of the Idion Shield system in patients undergoing outpatient stem cell transplantation or CAR-T therapy who are at risk for developing infections and/or cytokine release syndrome. Febrile neutropenia remains a significant complication of treatment and often it is the first and sometimes the only sign or symptom of infection in this vulnerable patient population.~CAR-T patients are at risk for not only febrile neutropenia but also cytokine release syndrome (CRS), a systemic inflammatory response that can lead to hypoxia and shock. Fever is typically the first sign and hallmark of this potentially life-threatening condition. Routine measurement of body temperature is an important aspect of monitoring for signs of infection in patients receiving chemotherapy and for CRS in CAR-T patients.The current of standard of care for patients is to take their oral temperature when they feel ill and directing them to call their physician when their oral temperature reading is above 100.4. Having continuous temperature monitoring using the IDION iTempShield may provide early detection and intervention while reducing hospitalization rates, improving outcomes, and preventing death. With an increase in technological advancements and telemedicine, remote monitoring has shown to reduce health costs while providing closer follow-up for patients. The study will also analyze the potential reimbursement through Medicare to show the cost-benefit for remote monitoring utilizing the IDION iTempShield."
22339613|NCT04684563|"This is a Phase I dose finding study to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and assess the safety, tolerability, manufacturing feasibility, pharmacokinetics, and preliminary efficacy of huCART19-IL18 cells in patients with CD19+ cancers. Up to 7 total dose levels will be evaluated using the Bayesian Optimal Interval (BOIN) design with accelerated titration in order to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of huCART19-IL18 cells within each of the following disease-specific cohorts:~Cohort A: Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL)~Cohort B: Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL)~Cohort C: Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL)"
22080391|NCT03602157|"This study is a single center, open-label Phase I clinical trial designed to determine the safety of escalating doses of autologous activated T lymphocytes (ATLs) co-expressing the chimeric antigen receptor specific for the CD30 antigen and the CCR4 chemokine receptor (ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4) in subjects with relapsed/refractory CD30+ Hodgkin (HL) and cutaneous T Cell Lymphoma (CTCL). Subjects with grey zone lymphoma will also be eligible to enroll on this protocol; the characteristics of grey zone lymphoma are very similar to HL and therefore will be referred to collectively throughout the protocol under the general term of HL. Subjects will receive either ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 or the ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 product in combination with an ATL product encoding only the CAR.CD30 (ATLCAR.CD30). The dose for ATLCAR.CD30 will be fixed at the highest dose level as this product has been shown to be safe in phase I trials with and without lymphodepletion. Six total dose levels of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 with or without ATLCAR.CD30 will be tested. Prior to receiving the infusions, subjects will undergo lymphodepletion with bendamustine and fludarabine, The 3+3 design will be used for estimating the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 in combination with ATLCAR.CD30. Any dose level may be expanded to 4-9 subjects to explore adverse events (AEs) of special interest prior to moving to the next dose level. If due to the expansion ≥1/3 of the total number of subject on that dose level experiences a DLT, the study would not escalate to the next highest dose level and the maximum tolerated dose would be exceeded. The final MTD will be the highest dose of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 and ATLCAR.CD30 with observed DLT rate of less than 1/3. An expansion cohort will enroll up to 8 subjects at the MTD of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 and ATLCAR.CD30 to further assess safety and efficacy of these cellular products. Secondary endpoints include evaluation of persistence of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 vs. ATLCAR.CD30 in the peripheral blood, accumulation of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 vs. ATLCAR.CD30 in tumor biopsies, and progression free survival (PFS).~LCCC1606-ATL builds on LCCC1532-ATL, a phase Ib/II trial investigating the safety and efficacy of ATLCAR.CD30 in subjects with CD30+ lymphoma.~OUTLINE~Cell Procurement~Up to 300 mL total of peripheral blood will be obtained (in up to 3 collections) from subjects for cell procurement. Up to 300 mL total of peripheral blood will be obtained (in up to 3 collections) from subjects for cell procurement. Additionally, leukapheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient cells in subjects with a low absolute lymphocyte count or who had inadequate peripheral blood collection. The parameters for apheresis will be up to 2 blood volumes. Collected peripheral blood may be used for generation of CAR-T cells if the cells were collected on another CAR-T cell trial for which Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center is the sponsor and if the subject is eligible for procurement/screening on the LCCC 1606-ATL protocol. ATLCAR.CD30 cells manufactured for a different protocol may be used for LCCC 1606-ATL, if they fit specifications for the protocol and the patient qualifies for the protocol.~Lymphodepletion Regimen~In order to receive lymphodepletion and CAR-T cells, subjects must still have evidence of active disease.~All subjects will receive lymphodepletion with bendamustine 70 mg/m2 and fludarabine 30 mg/m2 for 3 days to reduce possible toxicity associated with the agent prior to administration of CAR-T cells.~NOTE: Any subject who tests positive for Hepatitis B core antibody and negative for Hepatitis B viral load during screening must initiate an anti-Hepatitis B prophylaxis regimen prior to lymphodepletion.~Bendamustine and fludarabine will be administered concomitantly for lymphodepletion (i.e., intravenous (IV) administration of bendamustine 70 mg/m2/day over 3 consecutive days and IV fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day over 3 consecutive days) prior to the first CAR-T cell infusion. Bendamustine should be administered first followed by IV administration of fludarabine.~Cell Administration~ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 with or without ATLCAR.CD30 cells will be given to eligible subjects 2-14 days (preferably 2-4 days) after lymphodepletion with fludarabine and bendamustine. The dose of cells will vary, depending on the cohort enrolled. The cells will be administered by a licensed provider (oncology nurse or physician) via intravenous injection over 1-10 minutes through either a peripheral or a central line. The expected volume will be 1-50cc. Subjects in the dose expansion part of the study who received the highest safe dose level of ATLCAR.CD30 and ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 may receive a second infusion of ATLCAR.CD30 and ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 if cells are available equal to the dose administered for the first cell infusion (or a lower dose).~Duration of Therapy~Therapy in LCCC1606-ATL involves one to two infusion(s) of ATLCAR.CD30.CCR4 with or without ATLCAR.CD30 cells. Treatment with one infusion will be administered unless:~Subject decides to withdraw from study treatment, OR~General or specific changes in the subject's condition render the subject unacceptable for further treatment in the judgment of the investigator.~Duration of Follow-up~Subjects who receive a cell infusion will be followed for up to 15 years for replication competent retrovirus (RCR) evaluation or until death, whichever occurs first. Subjects who are removed from study and do not receive the cellular therapy product due to unacceptable adverse events will be followed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse event. Subjects who have progressive disease or initiate another cancer therapy after receiving a cell infusion(s) will still be required to complete abbreviated follow up procedures."
22080418|NCT03049449|"Background:~Improved treatments for a variety of treatment-resistant, TNFRSF8 (CD30)-expressing malignancies including Hodgkin lymphoma, anaplastic large cell lymphoma, and other CD30- expressing lymphomas are needed.~T cells can be genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) that specifically target malignancy-associated antigens.~Autologous T cells genetically modified to express CARs targeting the B-cell antigen B-lymphocyte antigen CD19 (CD19) have caused complete remissions in a small number of patients with lymphoma. These results demonstrate that CAR-expressing T cells can have anti-lymphoma activity in humans.~CD30 expression can be easily detected by immunohistochemistry on lymphoma cells, which allows selection of CD30-expressing malignancies for treatment.~CD30 is not known to be expressed by normal cells except for a small number of activated lymphocytes.~We have constructed a novel fully-human anti-CD30 CAR that can specifically recognize CD30-expressing target cells in vitro and eradicate CD30-expressing tumors in mice.~This particular CAR has not been tested before in humans.~Possible toxicities include cytokine-associated toxicities such as fever, hypotension, and neurological toxicities. Elimination of a small number of normal activated lymphocytes is possible, and unknown toxicities are also possible.~Objectives:~Primary~-Determine the safety and feasibility of administering T-cells expressing a novel fully-human anti-CD30 CAR to patients with advanced CD30-expressing lymphomas.~Eligibility:~Patients must have anaplastic large cell lymphoma, angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma, peripheral T-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma, grey zone lymphoma, enteropathy-associated T-cell lymphoma, or extranodal natural killer (NK)//T-cell lymphoma, nasal type~Patients must have malignancy that is both measurable on a computed tomography (CT) scan with a largest diameter of at least 1.5 cm and possessing increased metabolic activity detectable by positron emission tomography (PET) scan. Alternatively, patients with lymphoma detected by flow cytometry of bone marrow are eligible.~Patients must have a creatinine of 1.6 mg/dL or less and a normal cardiac ejection fraction.~An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-2 is required.~No active infections are allowed including evidence of active human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B, or hepatitis C. At the time of protocol enrollment, patients must be seronegative for cytomegalovirus (CMV) by antibody testing or must have a negative blood CMV polymerase chain reaction (PCR).~Absolute neutrophil count greater than or equal to 1000/micro L, platelet count greater than or equal to 55,000/micro L, hemoglobin greater than or equal to 8g/dL~Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) less or equal to 3 times the upper limit of the institutional normal unless liver involvement by malignancy is demonstrated.~At least 14 days must elapse between the time of any prior systemic treatment (including corticosteroids above 5 mg/day of prednisone or equivalent corticosteroid dose) and initiation of required leukapheresis.~Clear CD30 expression must be detected on 75% or more of malignant cells from either bone marrow or lymphoma mass by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry. The patient s malignancy will need to be assessed for CD30 expression by flow cytometry or immunohistochemistry performed at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). If unstained, paraffin-embedded bone marrow or lymphoma sections are available from prior biopsies, these can be used to determine CD30 expression by immunohistochemistry; otherwise, patients will need to come to the NIH for a biopsy to determine CD30 expression. The sample for CD30 expression can come from a biopsy obtained at any time before enrollment, unless the patient has received a prior anti-CD30 monoclonal antibody, in which case the sample must come from a biopsy following completion of the most recent anti-CD30 monoclonal antibody treatment.~Eligible patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma or primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma must have received 2 prior treatment regimens at least 1 of which included an anthracycline and an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody.~Patients who have never had an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant as well as patients who have had a 9/10 or 10/10 human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-matched sibling or a 9/10 or 10/10 HLA- matched unrelated donor hematopoietic stem cell transplant are potentially eligible.~Women who are pregnant or plan to become pregnant will be excluded.~Design:~This is a phase I dose-escalation trial.~Patients will undergo leukapheresis.~T cells obtained by leukapheresis will be genetically modified to express an anti-CD30 CAR.~Patients will receive a lymphocyte-depleting chemotherapy conditioning regimen with the intent of enhancing the activity of the infused anti-CD30 CAR-expressing T cells.~A chemotherapy conditioning regimen of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine will be administered prior to all CAR T-Cell infusions. Fludarabine will be given on the same days as the cyclophosphamide.~Two days after the chemotherapy ends, patients will receive an infusion of anti-CD30-CAR-expressing T cells.~The initial dose level of this dose-escalation trial will be 0.3x10(6) CAR+ T cells/kg of recipient bodyweight for Cohort 1. The initial dose level will be 1 x 10 (6) CAR+T cells/kg for Cohort 2.~The cell dose administered will be escalated until a maximum tolerated dose is determined.~Following the T-cell infusion, there is a mandatory 9-day inpatient hospitalization to monitor for toxicity.~Outpatient follow-up is planned for 2 weeks and 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, and 12 months after the CAR T-cell infusion. Long-term gene-therapy follow-up consisting of yearly visits to a doctor near the patients home for 4 more years and then yearly telephone contact for 10 additional years will be required.~As of Amendment E (Protocol version: 08/03/2018), repeat treatments consisting of the conditioning chemotherapy followed by a CAR T-cell infusion at the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) for the patients cohort are allowed for eligible patients with any best responses except continuing complete remission or progressive malignancy.~Re-enrollment will be allowed for a small number of subjects."
22340062|NCT03664661|There are no effective regimens for relapsed/refractory myeloma. BCMA express extensively in mature B cells and plasma cells. Myeloma cells express BCMA universally. BCMA signal pathway can induce plasma cell proliferation and survival, down-regulation of BCMA could control the progression of myeloma. The BCMA CAR used in this study consists of BCMA nanobody, CD8 hinge, transmembrane region and 4-1bb co-stimulation domain.
22080589|NCT05164770|"Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), with high aggressiveness and mortality, is one of the top ten high-incidence tumors in the world and is among the ten most prevalent cancers worldwide with the fastest growing incidence. B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (B-NHL) is the most common type of NHL. Although novel immunotherapies represented by anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies and CAR-T cell therapies have significantly improved the prognosis of B-NHL patients, there are still nearly one-third of patients who are resistant to initial treatment or relapse after remission.~High-grade B-cell lymphoma (HGBL)-DH/TH with MYC/BCL2 and/or BCL6 translocation, accounts for about 7-10% in DLBCL. The remission rate of conventional chemotherapy is low.(ORR:32%,CR:12%). The median OS is 12 months. The survival outcome of induction chemotherapy is improved limited compared to R-CHOP. Currently, there are a lack of effective treatments options for HGBL. How to improve curative effect needs more research.~Zanubrutinib is an oral small molecule BTK inhibitor, and has shown good efficacy and safety in multiple subtypes of B-cell lymphoma. Zanubrutinib received FDA approval for adult mantle-cell lymphoma (MCL) and small lymphocytic lymphoma/chronic lymphocytic leukemia (SLL/CLL) patients who have received at least one previous treatment on 15 Nov 2019, becoming the first US-listed Chinese innovative anti-cancer drug. However, the efficacy of zanubrutinib in highly aggressive B-cell lymphoma remains to be further studied.~Therefore, we present this study protocol to add Zanubrutinib to the first-line treatment of highly aggressive B-NHL, applying zanubrutinib combined with rituximab plus chemotherapy in the treatment of highly aggressive B-NHL compared to rituximab plus chemotherapy."
22340206|NCT03658655|"Basic treatment:~The original treatment regimen was maintained. During the study period, insulin dose could be adjusted with the change of blood glucose, while the type and dose of oral hypoglycemic drugs remained unchanged (except when side effects of drugs or insulin preparations were stopped or patients still had frequent hypoglycemia).~Stem cell therapy:~Dosage: Stem Cells From Human Exfoliated Teeth were calculated at 0.1IU/kg body weight .~Course of treatment: 3 times, respectively at the time of enrollment, 1 week after enrollment and 4 weeks after enrollment."
22206118|NCT04670055|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed BCMA+ multiple myeloma, the selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 50 patients will be enrolled for this trial. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22206186|NCT04657965|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for LMP1 positive infectious diseases and hematological malignancies. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 144 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22206188|NCT04658004|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory NKG2D ligand positive acute myeloid leukemia. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 36 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety,main consideration is dose-related safety.
22340445|NCT03648697|"This Phase I/II study is designed as single dose pilot trial evaluating the safety and of EBV-TCR-TT cell therapy in subjects with NPC who have received prior therapy for their disease but the disease has progressed or relapsed. Anti-tumor activity and other exploratory objectives will be assessed. Subjects enter from a Screening Protocol and are positive for HLA- A02:01/24:02/11:01, and EBV serum positive. Subjects will receive cytoreductive chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -6 and -4 followed by infusion of dose of about 2×108 EBV-TCR-T(YT-E001).~Subjects will stay in hospital for safety and efficacy assessment daily from T cell infusion (Day 0) through Day 7, and then weekly until week 4 and then at 8 weeks every 8 weeks until progression of their disease or the end or termination of trial."
22206261|NCT04665063|A single car consists of scFv, hinge region, transmembrane region, costimulatory domain and zeta subunit of CD3.Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.
22275362|NCT03879382|"Primary Objectives~1. To determine the feasibility ad safety of anti-CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in treating patients with relapsed and refractory POMES Syndrome.~Secondary Objectives~To access the efficacy of anti-CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in patients with POMES Syndrome.~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of anti-CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells."
22340763|NCT02529813|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the safety and maximum tolerated dose of genetically modified, CD19-specific T cells administered into patients with CD19+ advanced lymphoid malignancies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To screen for the development of host immune responses against the CD19-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CAR).~II. To describe the homing ability of the infused T cells. III. To assess disease response. IV. To determine persistence of CAR+ T cells.~OUTLINE: This is a dose escalation study of CD19 positive chimeric antigen receptor T-cells.~LYMPHODEPLETING CHEMOTHERAPY: Patients may receive standard chemotherapy comprised of fludarabine phosphate intravenously (IV) over 1 hour and cyclophosphamide IV over 3 hours on days -5 to -3 or cyclophosphamide IV every 12 hours on days -5 to -3 at the discretion of the treating physician.~Within 30 days post completion of lymphodepletion, patients receive CD19 positive chimeric antigen receptor T-cells IV over 15-30 minutes on day 0, or split into two portions on days 0 and 1.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for at least 15 years."
22142422|NCT05269914|"This study is a phase I multicenter, single arm, open, dose increasing, single treatment clinical study. This study plans to recruit a total of about 10-16 adult patients with CD19 positive recurrent or refractory DLBCL for a single autologous car-t cell therapy. There were three dose groups in the study, and one patient in the first dose group, If there is no dose limiting toxicity (DLT), it can be increased to the second dose group, otherwise it will continue to be included in the group according to the 3 + 3 method; the follow-up dose group is designed according to the traditional 3 + 3 design, that is, three subjects will be included in a dose group first, if there is no dose limiting toxicity in the three patients in the dose group (DLT), after completing the DLT observation period, it can be increased to the next higher dose; if one of the three patients in the dose group has DLT, it is necessary to continue to join the group of three patients in the dose group for DLT observation. The highest dose level of DLT in less than or equal to one of the six patients finally confirmed will be defined as MTD. By observing the adverse events after cell therapy, the patients will be evaluated Evaluate the safety of car-t treatment; Evaluate the effectiveness of car-t treatment compared with the results or historical data of the patient's own previous standard treatment regimen. Blood and bone marrow were collected before and 12 months after cell infusion to detect the number and activity of car-t cells, Evaluate the pharmacokinetics (PK) of car-t cells. During the study, the blood samples used for the production of car-t cells will be transported to Shenzhen xiankangda Life Sciences Co., Ltd. (sponsor). After the production of car-t cells is completed, the car-t cells will be sent to the research unit so that the researchers can infuse them to the corresponding subjects."
22142430|NCT05262673|"Minimal residual disease (MRD) monitoring is currently performed in B-ALL patients to evaluate treatment response and define risk stratification. Patients with good prognosis have undetectable MRD levels after treatment, while persistent MRD defines high relapse-risk patients. A standardized flow cytometry assay detects MRD reliably in bone marrow or peripheral blood at levels ≥0.01% mononuclear cells. More sensitive MRD assay detecting specific immunoglobulin heavy (IgH) chain rearrangement by next-generation sequencing (NGS) can approach reliably detectable blast level at ≤10-6 cells. Given the high sensitivity, the NGS-MRD approach improves distinction between deeply negative and very low positive cases. Recent studies also demonstrate that NGS-MRD assessment of the bone marrow with undetectable blast cells is a strong predictive factor, indicating patients with possible long-term response after CAR-T cell therapy.~In the past decade, adoptively transferred T cells modified with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) have demonstrated high effectiveness and changed the treatment paradigm for B-ALL. More than 80% B-ALL patients achieved complete remission due to CAR-T treatment, but some patients with CR still have MRD that ultimately leads to relapse, which indicates the importance for further combination therapy to enhance anti-tumor immunity and to eradicate all malignant cells. Therefore, this protocol includes multi-target CAR-T cell infusions followed by cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL)-based immunotherapy, which react with B-ALL tumor antigens, and then followed by injection of immune-modified dendritic cells fused with leukemic cells (DCvac). In addition to the significant success of CAR-T cell therapy, various clinical studies also reported the importance and potential benefits of using engineered tumor-specific T cells in different types of cancer. Moreover, DC-based vaccine as another agent of immunotherapy has proven to prevent or delay relapse in leukemia patients achieving remission. In this study, we propose to combine those strategies to augment anti-tumor immunity in patients and expect undetectable NGS-MRD remission to prevent disease recurrence.~We propose a novel protocol which combines multiple CAR-T cell therapy, engineered immune effector CTLs and DCvac against B-ALL. The aim of this study is to evaluate the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of the NGS-MRD analysis-based combinational immunotherapy."
22341085|NCT03649529|GPA-TriMAR is a modified chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that consist of three subunit in it's outer membrane domain. The outer membrane domain linked to the inner membrane 4-1BB/CD3ζ domain through the transmembrane domain, thus compose the complete chimeric antigen receptor. Patients' autologous T cells will be isolated and transduced by GPA-TriMAR lentivirus to generate the GPA-TriMAR-T cells. When infused back to the patient, the modified GPA-TriMAR-T cells will recognize and kill malignant melanoma cells in the body, and in the meanwhile the other two subunits function to stimulate the innate immune system and enhance GPA-TriMAR-T cells tumor Infiltration.
22142481|NCT05052528|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:I. To examine the feasibility to manufacture autologous CD19 CAR T cells at a minimum target dose of 1.0 x 10^6 cells/kilogram using the CliniMACS automated system.II. To determine the safety of administering high-dose conditioning chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine with rituximab prior to CD19 CAR-T cell therapy in patients with relapsed (R)/refractory (R) diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) and to find the recommended regimen after phase II dose for this therapy.III. To determine the safety of infusion of chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting CD19 in adults with R/R DLBCL.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:I. To describe the toxicities related to CD19 targeted CAR T cells.II. To describe the overall response rate (ORR) and complete response (CR) rate of relapsed DLBCL treated with CD19 CAR T cells.III. To assess other response variables including overall survival (OS), progression free survival (PFS), and event free survival (EFS).~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study. Patients are assigned to 1 of 6 dose levels.~DOSE LEVEL 1: Patients receive fludarabine phosphate intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes daily and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes daily on days -5 to -3. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells IV on day 0.~DOSE LEVEL 2: Patients receive rituximab IV on day -5, fludarabine phosphate IV over 30 minutes daily on days -5 to -3, and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes on days -5 to -3. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells IV on day 0.~DOSE LEVEL 3: Patients receive fludarabine phosphate IV over 30 minutes daily on days -3 to -5 and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes daily on day -5. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells IV on day 0.DOSE LEVEL 4: Patients receive rituximab IV on day -5, fludarabine phosphate IV over 30 minutes daily on days -5 to -3, and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes on day -5. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells IV on day 0.~DOSE LEVEL 5: Patients receive fludarabine phosphate IV over 30 minutes daily on days -5 to -1 and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes daily on days -5 and -4. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells IV on day 0.~DOSE LEVEL 6: Patients receive rituximab IV on day -5, fludarabine phosphate IV over 30 minutes daily on days -5 to -1, and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes on days -5 and -4. Patients also receive CD19 CAR T cells IV on day 0.After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30, 60, and 90 days, 6 and 12 months, and then annually for up to 15 years."
22341199|NCT03615313|"This study will be conducted using a phase I/II trial design to assess the safety and efficacy of the PD-1 antibody expressing mesoCAR-T for patients with mesothelin positive, advanced recurrent or refractory malignant solid tumors. MesoCAR-T can specifically and effectively kill the mesothelin positive cancer cells, PD-1 antibody are secreted from the CAR-T cells could improve immunosuppression microenvironment, new CAR-T cells contain the advantages of CAR-T and immune checkpoint inhibitor, which is a promising therapeutic method for advanced solid tumors.~The new CAR-T therapy is applied to clinical practice as bellow. T cells are prepared from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) by leukapheresis, and then activated and engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) targeting mesothelin and PD-1 antibody. Cells are proliferated in culture and returned to the patients by venous transfusion therapy. A total of 50 patients may be enrolled in the study. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 24 months."
22081931|NCT01583686|"Background:~We have constructed a single retroviral vector that contains a chimeric T cell receptor (CAR) that recognizes mesothelin, which can be used to mediate genetic transfer of this CAR with high efficiency (> 50%) without the need to perform any selection.~In co-cultures with mesothelin expressing cells, anti-mesothelin transduced T cells secreted significant amounts of interferon (IFN)-gamma with high specificity.~Objectives:~Primary Objectives:~To evaluate the safety of the administration of anti-mesothelin CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes in patients receiving a non- myeloablative conditioning regimen, and aldesleukin.~Determine if the administration anti-mesothelin CAR engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes and aldesleukin to patients following a nonmyeloablative but lymphoid depleting preparative regimen will result in clinical tumor regression in patients with metastatic cancer.~Eligibility:~Patients who are 18 years of age or older must have~Metastatic or unresectable cancer that expresses mesothelin;~Previously received and have been a non-responder to or recurred after standard care;~Patients may not have:~-Contraindications for low dose aldesleukin administration.~Design:~Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) obtained by leukapheresis will be cultured in order to stimulate T-cell growth.~Transduction is initiated by exposure of approximately 10^8 to 5 X 10^8 cells to retroviral vector supernatant containing the anti-mesothelin CAR.~Patients will receive a nonmyeloablative but lymphocyte depleting preparative regimen consisting of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine followed by intravenous infusion of ex vivo CAR gene-transduced PBMC plus low dose intravenous (IV) aldesleukin~Patients will undergo complete evaluation of tumor with physical examination, Computed tomography (CT) of the chest, abdomen and pelvis and clinical laboratory evaluation four to six weeks after treatment. If the patient has stable disease (SD) or tumor shrinkage, repeat complete evaluations will be performed every 1-3 months. After the first year, patients continuing to respond will continue to be followed with this evaluation every 3-4 months until off study criteria are met.~The study will be conducted using a Phase I/II optimal design. The protocol will proceed in a phase 1 dose escalation design. Once the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) has been determined, the study then would proceed to the phase II portion. Patients will be entered into two cohorts based on histology: cohort 1 will include patients with mesothelioma, and cohort 2 will include patients with other types of cancer that express mesothelin.~For each of the 2 strata evaluated, the study will be conducted using a phase II optimal design where initially 21 evaluable patients will be enrolled. For each of these two arms of the trial, if 0 or 1 of the 21 patients experiences a clinical response, then no further patients will be enrolled but if 2 or more of the first 21 evaluable patients enrolled have a clinical response, then accrual will continue until a total of 41 evaluable patients have been enrolled in that stratum."
22082193|NCT03366324|In order to improve prognoses for MRD+ patients who have undergone at least 2 cycles chemotherapies, patients will receive CAR-T therapy before HSCT, once they achieve MRD- remissions, they will subsequently receive HSCT if there are no contraindications.
22142712|NCT03373071|"The study will consist of 2 phases, a Phase I or dose escalation phase and a Phase II or expansion phase. Paediatric/young adult patients with relapsed or refractory B cell ALL will be enrolled. Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis in order to harvest T cells, which is the starting material for the manufacture. Autologous CAR T product directed against CD19-expressing tumor cells (CD19-CART01) will be produced and, after a lymphodepletion with conventional chemoterapic agents, the patient will receive CD19-CART01 intravenously. The construct contains also the suicide gene safety switch inducible Caspase 9; therefore, in case of relevant toxicities, the patient will receive the dimerizing agent in order to induce the apoptosis of the cells.~After the treatment, the patients will then enter a 36-month follow-up period."
22206885|NCT03455972|"Adults ages 18-75 with high risk Multiple Myelomas (R-ISS III stage or with extramedullary infiltration or with del(17p), t(4;14), t(14;16), t(14;20), 1q21+ or disease progression during treatment).~Design:~Participants may be screened with:~Medical history Physical exam Blood and urine tests Heart tests Bone marrow sample Multiple scans and X-rays Participants will have apheresis. Blood is removed through a needle in an arm. T cells are removed. The rest of the blood is returned through a needle in the other arm.~The cells will be changed in a laboratory. Participants will get auto-HSCT. Hematopoietic reconstitution after auto-HSCT, participants will get the T cells through the IV within 3 days. Maintenance therapy with IMiDs was received after combined CAR T infusion.~After this, participants will stay in the hospital for at least 9 days and stay nearby for 2 weeks. Then they will have blood tests and see a doctor.~Participants will visit the clinic 1, 2, 3, 6, 9 and 12 months after the infusion, then every 3 months until disease progression. A bone marrow sample will be taken at the 3-month visit."
22341538|NCT03612739|"This open-label Phase I study aims to define the recommended dose for further clinical development the NKR-2 treatment administered concurrently with AZA in treatment-naïve AML/MDS patients not candidates for intensive induction chemotherapy. The treatment consists in six consecutive cycles of AZA, administered at days~to 7 of a 28-day cycle. Patients will be treated with 8 injections of NKR-2 at day 9 and 23 of AZA cycles 2-3-4 and 5.~This Phase I study is divided into three sequential cohorts evaluating three different dose-levels of NKR-2 (1x108, 3x108 and 1x109 NKR-2 per injection) using a 3+3 design. Further patients will be enrolled at the RecD to reach 9 evaluable patients in total at the RecD. The study consists of a screening phase, a treatment administration phase and a follow-up phase divided into treatment follow-up (TFU) and long-term safety follow-up (LTSFU). For each patient who received at least one NKR-~administration, the overall study duration will be 15 years after first NKR-~2 administration. Patients will be asked to complete a total of 54 visits during the treatment administration phase, and 5 visits during the treatment follow-up phase. During the LTSFU, yearly visits will be scheduled (up to Visit Y15)."
22341668|NCT03146234|"A single arm, open-label pilot study is designed to determine the safety, tolerability and engraftment potential of CAR-GPC3 T cells in patients with GPC3-positive hepatocellular carcinoma.~Primary objectives:~Determine the safety, tolerability and cytokinetics of the autologous T cells transduced with the anti- GPC3 lentiviral vector in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.~Secondary objectives:~Make a preliminary evaluation on the efficacy of CAR-GPC3 T cells in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma by the following parameters:~Objective response rate (ORR); Disease Control Rate (DCR); Time of tumor progression (TTP); Overall survival (OS)."
22207038|NCT04627740|"Primary Objectives:~To evaluate the number of ALPP-positive participants with treatment-related adverse events as assessed by CTCAE v4.0 after infusion with anti-ALPP CAR-T cells.~Secondary Objectives:~The number of patients experience objective response from anti-ALPP CAR-T cells treatment~To evaluate the progression-free survival (PFS) of anti-ALPP CAR-T cells in patients with ALPP-positive patients.~The number and percent of ALPP-CART cells in peripheral blood from ALPP-positive patients at 6 months after infusion"
22207062|NCT04626765|After clinician evaluation, if the child meets the study criteria and after adequate communication, the parent or legal guardian voluntarily joins the clinical study, CAR-T technique can be used for related treatment, and the long-term therapeutic effect can be observed. In this trial, 50 children were publicly enrolled and treated with CAR-T. Patients participating in the clinical trial will be tested and assessed in terms of treatment safety, efficacy, and duration of response.
22207068|NCT04626726|This trial openly recruited 50 patients into the group and were given CAR-T treatment. Patients participating in clinical trials will be tested and evaluated in terms of treatment safety, efficacy, and response duration. As assessed by clinicians, adult B-ALL patients who meet the enrollment criteria, after adequate communication, the patient or family members voluntarily join the clinical study, and are willing to bridge allogeneic hematopoiesis within 3 months after enrollment using CAR-T therapy。
22276212|NCT03796390|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-modified T cells targeted against CD19 have demonstrated unprecedented successes in treating patients with hematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies. Besides CD19, many other molecules such as CD22, CD30,BCMA,CD123, etc. may be potential in developing the corresponding CAR-T cells to treat patients whose tumors expressing those markers. In this study, investigators will evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T targeting CD123 in patients with Acute Myelocytic Leukemia. The primary goal is safety assessment including cytokine storm response and any other adverse effects. In addition, disease status after treatment will also be evaluated.
22276268|NCT05620732|"The efficacy of advanced pancreatic cancer and gastric cancer needs to be further improved.~Claudin is a kind of integrin membrane protein in the tight junction between epithelium and endothelium, which is highly expressed in gastric cancer and pancreatic cancer. Preclinical studies suggest that Claudin18.2CAR-T can effectively improve the remission rate of patients with advanced solid tumors.~Investigators aim to testify to the safety and efficacy of Claudin18.2CAR-T cells in advanced pancreatic cancer and gastric cancer."
22341876|NCT03398967|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To evaluate the feasibility and safety of universal dual specificity CD19 and CD20 or CD22 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory leukemia and lymphoma.~To evaluate the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells. Real Time polymerase chain receptor (RT-PCR) and Flow cytometry(FCM) analysis of PB,BM and lymph node will be used to detect and quantify survival of universal dual specificity CD19 and CD20 or CD22 CAR-T cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to universal dual specificity CD19 and CD20 or CD22 CAR-T cell infusions.~Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD19, and assess correlation with loss of detectable universal dual specificity CD19 and CD20 or CD22 CAR-T cells (loss of engraftment).~The CAR-T cells will be administered by i.v. injection over 20-30 minutes as a using a split dose approach to dosing: 10% on day 0, 30% on day 1 and 60% on day 2."
22341879|NCT03125577|"Background:~T cells modified with lentiviral chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) gene have been studied in different clinical settings. Recent successes suggest that increased costimulatory signaling in the CAR design is critical for long term efficacy. Several clinical reports indicate that many patients still relapse and developed CD19-negative cancer cells after CD19 targeted therapy. Thus, to prevent the target escapes and improve the therapeutic effects, CAR gene-modified T cells targeting CD20, CD22, CD30, CD38, CD70 or CD123 are considered to apply together with CD19 CAR-T cells.~Activation of T cell response to high tumor burden may induce a severe response. To increase safety, a novel design using an inducible caspase 9 fusion gene has been incorporated in the CAR gene. A 4th generation CAR lentiviral vector (4SCAR) carrying multiple costimulatory signals for CD28/CD137/CD27 plus an inducible apoptotic caspase 9 gene has been established. This study aims to evaluate the activities of a combination of CAR gene-modified T cells to target cancer cells based on specific CD19/CD20/CD22/CD30/CD38/CD70/CD123 single chain antibody gene designs (4SCAR19/20/22/30/38/70/123).~Objective:~To evaluate safety and efficacy of administrating 4SCAR19, 4SCAR20, 4SCAR22, 4SCAR30, 4SCAR38, 4SCAR70 and 4SCAR123 T cells to patients with mixed CD19 positive and negative B cell malignancies following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine based conditioning regimen.~Eligibility:~Patients older than 6-month-old with CD19 positive or negative B cell malignancies that have recurred after or refractory to standard therapy and is deemed incurable using standard treatment.~Design:~Participants will be screened based on cancer cell phenotype analyzed using flow cytometry or immunohistochemical staining methods. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) will be obtained through apheresis. On Day -5 to -7, T cells from PBMC will be activated and enriched, which will be followed by 4SCAR19, 4SCAR20, 4SCAR22, 4SCAR30, 4SCAR38, 4SCAR70 and 4SCAR123 lentiviral transduction. The total cell preparation time is approximately 5-7 days. Participants will receive a preparative conditioning regimen comprising cyclophosphamide/fludarabine to prepare their immune system to accommodate the modified CAR T cells. The preparative regimen will depend on the immune condition of patients, which is consistent with standard chemotherapy conditioning regimen. Participants will receive an infusion of the modified 4SCAR19 and 4SCAR20/22/30/38/70/123 T cells and closely followed up for treatment-related responses. Participants will be continuously monitored for CAR T cells and clinical responses in a preset timeline."
22276330|NCT05495464|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To determine the safety profile of the acalabrutinib plus rituximab combination followed by CAR T-cell therapy in newly diagnosed high risk MCL patients.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~To evaluate efficacy measured by complete response (CR) rate and progression free survival (PFS) of the acalabrutinib plus rituximab combination followed by CAR T-cell therapy in newly diagnosed high risk MCL patients."
22207155|NCT02903810|"To determine:~Primary Outcome Measure:~Safety (incidence of adverse events defined as dose-limited toxicity)~Secondary Outcome Measures:~Survival of CAR T cells in circulation measured by flow cytometry and qPCR~Overall complete remission rate~Tissue infiltration of transferred CAR-T cells~In vitro killing potential of infiltrated CAR-T cells~Phenotype of infused CAR-T cells"
22276553|NCT03993743|Patients autologous T cells are activated and then engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) specific for CD147(CD147-CART). CAR-T cells are expanded in culture and returned to the patient by hepatic artery infusion at specific cell doses. Four CD147-CART doses patient are planned at 1-week intervals. Tumor biopsies will be obtained at the time of the initial diagnostic angiogram and during the first infusion session. Serum cytokine level and CAR-T cell number will be measured in whole treatment session.
22207412|NCT04890236|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To assess the increase in CD27+/CD28+ T cells, after 2-week exposure duvelisib prior to collection of mononuclear cells for chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CART cell) manufacturing.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate patient compliance with duvelisib. II. To evaluate the time required for manufacturing CAR-T using mononuclear cells from duvelisib-treated patients.~III. To describe the frequencies of CD27/28 double positive T cells and CD4/8 double negative T cells.~IV. To estimate overall response rates following CART therapy. V. To describe the rates of intensive care unit (ICU) transfer due to cytokine release syndrome (CRS) and/or neurotoxicity or CRS or neurotoxicity that requires treatment with tocilizumab and/or corticosteroids after CAR-T cell therapy.~VI. To describe the safety and tolerability profile of duvelisib throughout the entire study (during duvelisib priming for 2 weeks and after CAR-T infusion for 3 months).~OUTLINE:~Patients receive duvelisib orally (PO) twice daily (BID) for 2 weeks prior to collection of CAR-T cells in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients then receive tisagenlecleucel via infusion.~Patients are followed up 100 days after CAR-T infusion."
22342257|NCT03142646|Assessment of the Safety and Feasibility of Administering T Cells Expressing an Anti-CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor to Patients With CD19+ B-cell leukemia or CD19+ B-ALL patients and determine the MTD,LTD and the best dosage.
22207584|NCT04601181|"The patients will receive infusion of ThisCART22 cells from health donor ,to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ThisCART22 Cells in patients with refractory or relapsed CD22-positive B cell malignancies.~In this study, the dose range is 0.2-60 x10^6 cells per kg body weight (no more than 3.0 x 10^9 in total)."
22083754|NCT03029338|In this single-center, open-label, nonrandomized, no control, prospective clinical trial, a total of 10 relapsed or refractory CD19+ B-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL) patients will be enrolled. CD19 CAR T cells transduced with a lentiviral vector to express anti-CD19 scFv TCRζ:4-1BB, will be administered by i.v. injection in a three-day split-dose regimen: 10% on day 0, 30% on day 1 and 60% on day 2. Side effects of CD19 CAR T cells therapy will be monitored. The purpose of current study is to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of CD19 CAR T cells therapy in patients with relapsed or refractory CD19 positive B-cell lymphoma.
22207622|NCT04599543|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory CD123+ acute myeloid leukemia. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 36 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22083946|NCT02935257|"This is a multi-centre, non-randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of an Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Product (ATIMP) in adults (age ≥16) with (1) high risk, relapsed/refractory (r/r) CD19+ B-ALL; (2) r/r DLBCL; (3) r/r CLL/SLL, (4) r/r FL and (5) r/r MCL. The ATIMP for this study is cryopreserved autologous patient-derived T-cells transduced with the lentiviral pCCL.PGK.alpha.CD19CAT-41BBζ vector, CD19CAT-41BBζ CAR T-cells (referred to sub-sequently as CD19CAR T-cells) which is classified as a gene therapy medicinal product. Patients will undergo an unstimulated leucapheresis for the generation of the ATIMP. The ATIMP take approximately 15 days to generate. During this period, patients may receive holding chemotherapy as per institutional practice to maintain disease control. The study evaluates ATIMP safety and efficacy and the duration of disease response in adults with high risk / relapsed CD19+ B-ALL, DLBCL, B-CLL/SLL, FL and MCL.~The ALL and FL cohorts are now completed and no further patients with ALL or FL are treated on the study.~Patients receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide 60mg/kg on Day -6 and fludarabine 30mg/m2 administered over 3 days (Day -5 to Day -3). Patients with DLBCL only also receive a single dose of pembrolizumab 200 mg at day -1.~Patients recruited to ALLCAR19 are treated with different dosing schedules, depending on their underlying disease. Patients with B-ALL and B-CLL/SLL are considered at high risk of CLL/CRES so receive split dosing, with the second dose only given in the absence of severe toxicity 9 days later. CAR T-cell dosing in ALLCAR19 is flat i.e. not dependent on patient body weight or surface area.~Regimen A1: Patients with B-ALL with a baseline marrow blast% of ≤20% receive a split dose with a first dose of 100 x 10^6 CD19 CAR T-cells and a possible second dose of 310 x 10^6 CAR T-cells~Regimen A2: Patients with B-ALL with a baseline marrow blast% of >20% receive a split dose with a first dose of 10 x 10^6 CD19CAR T-cells and a possible second dose of 400 x 106 CAR T-cells~Regimen B: Patients with DLBCL receive a single dose of 200 x 10^6 CAR T-cells~Regimen C: Patients with CLL/SLL will receive a split dose with a first dose of 30 x 10^6 CD19 CAR T-cells and a possible second dose of 200 x 106 CD19 CAR T-cells.~Regimen D: Patients with indolent B-NHL receive a single dose of 200 x 10^6 CAR T-cells~The study evaluates ATIMP feasibility and safety of generating CD19CAR T-cells and for B-ALL patients only, efficacy and the duration of disease response to CD19CAR T-cells.~After completing the interventional phase of the study all patients, irrespective of whether they progressed or responded to treatment, will enter long term follow up until 10 years post-CD19CAR T-cell infusion."
22342679|NCT05396300|This is a single-center, double-arm, open-label study. The study plans to set up 2 groups,Intravenous infusion group have 3 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 9-18 subjects with CEA-positive advanced malignant solid tumors.Intraperitoneal injection group have 4 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 12-24 subjects with CEA-positive advanced malignant solid tumors.
22084116|NCT05204160|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the efficacy of pembrolizumab in patients who have received B- cell maturation antigen (BCMA)-directed adoptive cell therapy (ACT) and have clinical evidence of progression.~II. To obtain anti-tumor activity (best response rates: objective response rate [ORR], very good partial response, [VGPR], complete response [CR], stringent complete remission [sCR], minimal response disease [MRD] negativity) in patients treated with pembrolizumab.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the expansion of engrafted T cells following pembrolizumab administration in the peripheral blood and within the tumor microenvironment.~II. To evaluate the phenotype and function of engrafted T cells following pembrolizumab administration.~III. Progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) among patients progressing after ACT that received pembrolizumab.~IV. To determine immunogenicity of the salvage regimen.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive pembrolizumab intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3 months."
22342723|NCT04768608|Clinical trial for the safety and efficacy of Non-viral programmed cell death protein-1(PD1) integrated anti-prostate-specific-membrane-antigen(PSMA) chimeric antigen receptor T(CART) cells in the treatment of Refractory Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer(CRPC)
22342731|NCT04652219|The primary objective of phase 1 is to evaluate the safety of CART regimens. The primary objective of phase 2 is to evaluate the efficacy of CART, as measured by objective response rate in subjects with colorectal cancer. Secondary objectives will include assessing the safety and tolerability of CART and additional efficacy endpoints.
22207844|NCT04603872|This is a double-arm, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed and/or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and multiple myeloma, the selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 120 patients will be enrolled for this trial. Primary objective is to explore the safety.
22084318|NCT05023707|The patients will receive infusion of anti-FLT3 CAR T-cells targeting FLT3 to evaluate the safety and efficacy of anti-FLT3 CAR T-Cells in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia.
22207855|NCT04626908|This is a single-arm, single-center, open clinical study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of GC022F injection in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
22207859|NCT04626752|"This is a study to evaluate the safety, feasibility and efficacy of CAR-T cell therapy in the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T cell therapy in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.~The Secondary research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of CAR-T cell therapy in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma."
22208071|NCT04617704|The main aim of this study is to determin the safety and efficacy of GC012F in cytogenetic high-risk MM. GC012F is an autologus dual chimeric antigen receptor T-cell(CAR-T) therapy that targets B-cell maturation antigen(BCMA) and CD19. This study comprises of a screening phase(less than or equal to 28 days prior to apheresis) followed by apheresis(will occur upon enroiiment); Treatment Phase including autologus stem cell transplant on Day-1 followed by infusion of GC012F on Day0 and then post-infusion assessments from Day1 to Day 84; and a Post-treatment Phase(Day 85 and up to end of the study). Efficacy will be explored to assessed and safety will be closely monitored during the study.
22084782|NCT03291444|A prospective study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Chimeric antigen receptor T cells combined with Eps8 or WT1（Wilms tumor 1） peptide specific dendritic cell for patients with relapsed/refractory leukemia. There are options for CAR-targets: CD19, CD20, CD22 and CD10 for acute lymphoblastic leukemia; CD33, CD38 CD56, CD117, CD123, CD34 and Muc1 for acute myeloid leukemia and Myelodysplastic Syndrome. Progression free survival, overall Survival, overall response rate, and duration of response were monitored.
22144393|NCT05418088|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine the safety of the treatment of relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma, relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia, refractory B-prolymphocytic leukemia and relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia with chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting CD19/20/22 and to find the recommended phase II dose for this cellular therapy.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe the safety profile of the infusion of CAR-T cells targeting CD19/20/22 in relapsed/refractory Non-Hodgkin lymphoma, relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia, refractory B-prolymphocytic leukemia and in relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia.~II. To describe the toxicities related to infusion of CAR-T cells targeting CD19/20/22.~III. To describe the overall response rate and complete response rate of relapsed B cell malignancies treated with CAR-T cells targeting CD19/20/22.~IV. To describe the overall and progression free survival of patients with relapsed lymphoma, CLL, B-PLL and ALL treated with anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T cells.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe the persistence of anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T cells, measured by flow cytometry and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR).~II. To describe the T cell subpopulations of the anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T cell product before infusion.~III. To describe the changes in anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T cells after infusion and their correlation with disease response and adverse events.~IV. To investigate the correlation between changes in cytokine plasma concentrations and changes in anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T cell subpopulations over time.~V. To investigate proteomic changes in anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T cell subpopulations over time.~VI.To investigate whether antigen escape occurs in patients treated with anti-CD19/20/22 CAR-T.~OUTLINE: This is a phase I dose-escalation study of anti-CD19/CD20/CD22 CAR-T cells. Patients with NHL with lesions =< 5 cm, indolent lymphomas, CLL (without Richter's transformation), or B-PLL are assigned to Cohort A. Patients with ALL, CLL (with Richter's transformation), NHL with lesions > 5 cm and/or lymphoblastic lymphoma, or NHL with circulating lymphoma cells are assigned to Cohort B.~COHORT A:~LYMPHODEPLETIVE REGIMEN: Patients receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV) over 60 minutes on day -6 and fludarabine IV over 30 minutes on days -5 to -3 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~CAR T-CELL THERAPY: Patients receive anti-CD19/CD20/CD22 CAR-T cells IV over 5-30 minutes on day 0.~COHOHRT B:~LYMPHODEPLETIVE REGIMEN: Patients receive cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes on day -6 and fludarabine IV over 30 minutes on days -5 to -3 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~CAR T-CELL THERAPY: Patients receive anti-CD19/CD20/CD22 CAR-T cells IV over 5-30 minutes on day 0 and 7.~After completion of study treatment, patients in Cohort A are followed up on days 1-7, 14, 21, 30, 60, 90, at months 6, 24, 36, 48, and 60, and then annually for 6-15 years. Patients in Cohort B are followed up on days 9, 14, 21, 30, 60, 90, at months 6, 24, 36, 48, and 60, and then annually for 6-15 years."
22343047|NCT04545762|"This is an open-label, pilot, phase 1 study to determine the safety profile of anti-CD19 CAR-T cell infusion in participants with R/R B-cell NHL. The dose-finding cohorts in this study will evaluate and define the safe dose of anti-CD19 Chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T) cells. Using a 3+3 design, participants will be enrolled sequentially to each dose level. A dose expansion will then occur at the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and dose levels that have not exceeded the MTD.~PRIMARY OBJECTIVES~To evaluate the safety of administering chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting CD-19 to patients with relapsed or refractory CD19+ B-cell nonHodgkin lymphoma (NHL).~To determine the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) for this cellular therapy.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES~To assess the safety and toxicity of cell collection and infusion of CAR-T cells targeting CD19 in patients with relapsed or refractory CD19+ B cell NHL.~To describe the efficacy of chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting CD-19 in patients with relapsed or refractory CD19+ B cell NHL.~To evaluate the feasibility of CD19 CAR T cell manufacturing for patients with relapsed or refractory CD19+ B cell NHL of local manufacturing and ability to produce adequate quantities of vector positive T-cells.~OUTLINE~Eligible participants will undergo apheresis with collection of autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells that will be used to generate CAR-T cells. The CAR T cells will be produced using the Miltenyi Prodigy, and an FDA compliant Lentigen Technology, Inc., CD19 targeted lentiviral vector. After successful generation of the anti-CD19 CAR-T cells (drug product (DP)), subjects will undergo lymphodepleting chemotherapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide followed by 2-5 days of rest. A single infusion of anti-CD19 CAR-T cells at the starting dose of 5 x 105 cells/kg will be given on Day=0. Following treatment with DP, subjects will be followed on this study for 12 months for safety, disease status, and survival. For long term follow-up, participants will be followed for 15 years.~For participants whose dose does not meet the target dose, enrollment into a conforming product low-dose cohort, at minimum dose level - 1 and that has not exceeded the MTD will occur. This conforming product low-dose cohort will be evaluated for toxicity and efficacy of those lower dose levels as part of the primary safety and secondary objectives.~For participants whose CAR-T product does not meet the pre-specified release criteria, enrollment into a non-conforming product cohort, at a minimum dose level - 1 and that has not exceeded the MTD will occur. This non-conforming product cohort will be evaluated for toxicity and efficacy of the non-conforming product cohort as part of the exploratory objectives"
22343059|NCT04419909|This is a single arm open label trial that will assess the safety and efficacy of retreatment with CTL019/CTL119 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) modified T cells in patients who have late relapse of diffuse large B-cell or follicular lymphoma after achieving complete remission from prior CTL019/CTL119 treatment. Patients eligible for this protocol will have been treated initially with CTL019/CTL119 under UPCC13413/NCT02030834, have experienced a durable complete response (defined as ≥ 6 months duration), and have a residual manufactured CTL019/CTL119 product available. This protocol will serve subjects with no available potentially curative treatment options (such as autologous or allogeneic stem cell transplantation) who have a limited prognosis (months to < 2 year expected survival) with available therapies.
22144516|NCT03098355|"Objectives:~Primary Outcome Measures:~Evaluate the frequency and severity of adverse events, including, but not limited to, cytokine release syndrome (CRS) [ Time Frame: From date of dosing ( day 1 ) up to 50 weeks ]~Evaluate grade 3 and higher toxicity rate of patients (toxicity possibly attributed to 4SCAR19/22 T cells)~Evaluate the safety and effect of administration of 4SCAR19/22 T cells followed by interleukin-2 in treating pediatric patients with relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies.~Secondary:~Evaluate Overall Complete Remission Rate (ORR).~Evaluate overall response rate including complete remission (CR) and complete remission with incomplete blood count recovery (CRi) .~Evaluate duration of remission (DOR).~To evaluate the incidence and the treatment effect of cytokine release syndrome (CRS).~To determine the expansion and functional persistence of 4SCAR19/22 T cells in the peripheral blood of patients and the correlation with antitumor effects;~Design:~In this single-center, open-label, nonrandomized, no control, prospective clinical trial, a total of 30 patients with resistant or refractory B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) or non-hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) will be enrolled. Patients with ALL will be diagnosed according to bone marrow morphology, immunophenotype, cytogenetic and molecular examination. Patients with NHL will be diagnosed according to bone marrow morphology, biopsy pathology and imaging examination.~Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) will be obtained by apheresis, and T cells will be activated and modified to express the 4SCAR-CD19/22 gene.~On Day -2 to -7, PBMC will be activated and enriched for T cells, which will be followed by 4SCAR-CD19/22 lentiviral transduction. The total culture time is approximately 5-7 days.~Patients will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy composed of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine prior to cell infusion,~Participants will receive the CAR-T cells at a total dose of 0.5-5x10^6/kg.~Participants will receive regular subcutaneous injection of interleukin-2 of 250,000iu/m^2 every other day for 2 weeks and then rest for 2 weeks for up to 6 months after their serum interleukin-6 levels returned to normal range from day 28 after CAR-T cell infusion.~Patients will be monitored for toxicity including cytokine release syndrome, hematologic toxicities and B-cell aplasia, for response of their underlying malignancy and for CAR-T cell persistence in the blood, marrow and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF)."
22085192|NCT05605197|Following consent, patients must have tumor tissue evaluated by IHC assay. Patients meeting all eligibility criteria will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to collect autologous mononuclear cells for manufacture of investigational drug product (U87). Following manufacture of the drug product, subjects will receive preconditioning prior to U87 infusion. All subjects will be asked to continue to undergo long-term gene safety follow-up.
22208329|NCT04595162|This study is an early, open, single-centered trial. The major aim of this study is to evaluate the safety and tolerance of GC019F CAR-T cell immunotherapy in relapsed or refractory B-ALL. The study will include 6-12 subjects to receive GC019F single infusion.
22343346|NCT02850536|"Patients undergo leukapheresis from which peripheral blood mononuclear cells are purified. T cells are activated and then re-engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) specific for CEA. Cells are expanded in culture and returned to the patient by percutaneous hepatic artery infusion at specific cell doses. Prior to the first dose, each patient will undergo diagnostic angiography to verify suitable arterial anatomy. Three anti-CEA CAR-T doses per patient are planned at 1-week intervals. Low dose interleukin-2 will be given via an ambulatory infusion pump for 4 weeks. Normal liver and tumor biopsies will be obtained at the time of the initial diagnostic angiogram and during the final session following the 3rd CAR-T infusion.~Patients with CEA+ liver metastases who exhibit in-liver control following CAR-T therapy who also have CEA+ primary pancreatic tumors may be eligible to receive direct intrapancreatic CAR-T retrograde venous infusions. A maximum of 2 infusions will be delivered. No additional IL-2 will be given and there will be no additional biopsies."
22278217|NCT05631912|"[Introduction]~At present, CAR-T cell therapy targeting CD19 has achieved remarkable efficacy in the treatment of r/r B-NHL. However, at the same time, CAR-T cell treatment has a high incidence of cytokine release syndrome (CRS), immune cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) and other toxicities. TCR-T is another adoptive T cell therapy, which recognizes the surface and intracellular antigens of target cells presented by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules and engage CD3 signaling machinery, triggering a wide range of TCR-CD3 signaling to kill tumors. TCR-T is characterized by high affinity with target antigen, low toxicity, but difficulty in preparation.~Here, the researchers connected the murine TCR constant regions α and β with the light chain and heavy chain of the murine FMC63 single-chain variable fragment (scFv) respectively to construct a human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-independent antibody TCR chimera, called synthetic T cell receptor and antigen receptor (STAR). Then, researchers introduced an additional interchain disulfide bond by making cysteine mutations within TCRα/β constant regions, and employed hydrophobic substitutions to the TCR-α chain transmembrane domain to improve the receptor's stability on plasma membrane.~Further, the team disrupted the endogenous TRAC locus by CRISPR/cas9, and then knocked in the CD19-STAR construct to this locus, and transcription of CD19-STAR triggered by the TRAC endogenous promoter. TRAC locus knockout can prevent endogenous TCR assembly, and avoid the harm caused by graft-versus host disease (GVHD) as well as random insertion. This specific integration of two in one technology can give rise to highly efficient expression of CD19-STAR chimeric molecule on T cell surface, and the subsequent assembly of complete TCR signaling structure.~The molecular structure of STAR in this study: the variable region of TCRα/β chain is replaced with the heavy chain and light chain of FMC63 antibody respectively, the intracellular region of α/β chain is connected with an OX40 costimulatory molecule respectively.~STAR integrates the advantages of TCR and CAR, and is close to the natural TCR-antigen action mode with high affinity, high sensitivity, and low T cell exhaustion. Compared with TCR-T, it is easier to obtain and prepare. The researchers confirmed that the CD19-STAR-T cells, by in vitro and in vivo assays, had lower cytokine release but more efficient anti-tumor activities when compared to canonical CAR-T cells. In this study, we would like to evaluate the safety and efficacy of autologous TRAC locus-inserted CD19-STAR-T cell in r/r patients with r/r B-NHL . The completion of this trial will provide a research foundation for potential universal allogeneic adoptive T cell therapy.~[Study design]~Phase 1 (dose escalation)~In phase 1, 9 to 18 subjects will be enrolled. Subjects will receive 3 doses of CD19-STAR-T cell therapy (1 × 10^6 cells/kg, 3 × 10^6 cells/kg, 1 × 10^7 cells/kg) from low dose to high dose according to the 3 + 3 principle:~Three patients were enrolled in the lowest dose group.~Subsequent patients were enrolled according to the following rules:~If the incidence of dose limiting toxicity (DLT) was 0/3, 3 patients were enrolled in the next high-dose group.~If the incidence of DLT was 1/3, 3 patients were enrolled at the same dose; If the incidence of DLT was 1/3 + 0/3, 3 patients were enrolled in the next high-dose group. If the incidence of DLT was 1/3 + 1/3, this dose was defined as maximum tolerated dose (MTD); If the incidence of DLT was 1/3 + 2/3 or 1/3 + 3/3, the previous dose was MTD.~If the incidence of DLT was 2/3 or 3/3, the previous dose was MTD.~To ensure the safety of the subjects, the first subject in each dose group was observed for at least 28 days after the cell infusion. If no DLT occurred, the remaining two subjects could be enrolled and treated at the same dose level. The safety data of all subjects in each dose group until day 28 should be reviewed and tolerated before proceeding to the next dose group trial. No dose escalation was allowed for the same subject during the trial. If a subject drop out during the observation period due to non-DLT reasons, new subjects should be enrolled to make up for the number of subjects who drop out.~Phase 2 (expansion cohort)~In phase 2, 10 to 20 subjects will be enrolled and receive CD19-STAR-T cell infusion at dose of RP2D, which will be determined based on the MTD, occurrence of DLT, the obtained efficacy results, pharmacokinetics / pharmacodynamics and other data according to the phase 1.~[Objectives]~The primary objectives of the phase 1 were to evaluate the tolerability, safety, and determine recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D). The primary purpose of the phase 2 study was to evaluate the efficacy."
22278302|NCT05397184|"Who can participate? Patients aged 6 months to 16 years with relapsed/refractory T cell leukaemia ahead of a planned bone marrow transplant~What does the study involve? Patients will undergo careful screening to confirm that this treatment is adequate for them. Chemotherapy will be given prior to BE CAR-7 infusion to improve the ability of T-cells to establish and grow. Patients will then receive a single infusion of the BE CAR-7 cells and will be closely monitored in hospital. Patients are expected to be in hospital for 4-6 weeks for the BE CAR-7 treatment and the transplant will be scheduled 2-4 weeks after the end of BE CAR7 if leukaemia cells are no longer detectable. Patients will be monitored on the study for 1 year after transplant and then long term in routine clinics.~What are the possible benefits and risks of participating? Taking part in the study of testing 'ready-made' CAR T cells could help reduce the amount of disease and get the patient into remission before a bone marrow transplant. Leukaemia is less likely to come back after a bone marrow transplant if levels in the bone marrow are undetectable. The ready-made CAR T cells are being used to try and improve the chances of successful transplantation. Side effects may include low blood cell counts, infections, cytokine storm (severe immune reaction), graft versus host disease (where the donated cells attack the body) and other complications."
22278355|NCT05169489|This is a non-randomized, open label, multi-site Phase 1/2 study. This first-in-human Phase 1/2 Study CRC-403 will evaluate the safety and efficacy of bbT369 in subjects with relapsed and/or refractory B cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). Phase 1 will be a dose escalation, up to a planned four dose levels. After establishing MTD, Phase 2 will enroll subjects with B cell NHL in 2 cohorts: CAR T exposed subjects (Cohort 1) and CAR T naïve subjects (Cohort 2). A long-term follow-up is planned, in which subjects who received bbT369 will be followed for up to 15 years after drug product infusion to evaluate for safety and continued efficacy.
22278482|NCT04539366|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the feasibility of producing T cells modified to express a GD2-specific chimeric antigen receptor (GD2-CAR-expressing autologous T-lymphocytes [GD2CART]) meeting established release criteria using a dasatinib containing culture platform and retroviral vector in the Miltenyi CliniMACS Prodigy system II. Determine the safety and maximum tolerated dose (MTD) or recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) via administration of escalating doses of autologous GD2CART in children and young adults with relapsed/refractory osteosarcoma and neuroblastoma following cyclophosphamide-fludarabine based lymphodepletion.~III. Determine clinical activity in a preliminary fashion of autologous GD2CART in children and young adults with relapsed, refractory osteosarcoma and neuroblastoma.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Measure persistence of adoptively transferred GD2CART and correlate this with antitumor effects.~II. If unacceptable toxicity occurs that is possibly, probably, or likely related to GD2CART, assess the capacity for rimiducid (AP1903), a dimerizing agent, to mediate clearance of the genetically engineered cells and resolve toxicity.~III. Describe the feasibility and tolerability of a second infusion of GD2CART in select patients.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Compare persistence of GD2CART administered in this trial to that observed in a previous trial using GD2.OX40.28.z.iCasp9 CAR T cells (NCI 14-C-0059) and assess features of the T cell product and the expanded T cells in vivo that correlate with persistence.~II. Conduct exploratory studies measuring levels of circulating myeloid cells including myeloid derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) in patients treated on this trial and compare levels to those observed in NCI 14-C-0059.~III. Explore GD2 expression in patients with neuroblastoma and osteosarcoma, including patients who have previously received anti-GD2 antibodies, from tissue and/or bone marrow samples at study entry and if available, after cell infusion.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of GD2CART.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY: Patients receive fludarabine phosphate intravenously (IV) daily on days -5 to -2 and cyclophosphamide IV daily on days -4 to -2.~GD2CART: Patients receive GD2CART cells IV on day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up three times weekly until day 14, twice weekly until day 28, at months 2, 3, 6, 9, and 12, every 3 months until the end of the second year, then annually for up to 10 years."
22278496|NCT04404595|"This is an open label, multi-center, Phase 1b/2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of autologous claudin18.2 chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy in patients with advanced gastric, pancreatic or other specified digestive system cancers.~Following consent, patients must have tumor tissue evaluated by CLDN18.2 IHC assay. Patients meeting all eligibility criteria will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to collect autologous mononuclear cells for manufacture of investigational drug product (CT041). Following manufacture of the drug product, subjects will receive preconditioning prior to CT041 infusion. All subjects will be asked to continue to undergo long-term gene safety follow-up."
22086137|NCT04877080|The main aim of the study is to determine the safety and efficacy of Fast Dual CAR-T in R/R B-NHL. Fast Dual CAR-T is an autologous dual chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy that targets CD19 and B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA). The study will include 15 subjects to receive Fast Dual CAR-T single infusion.
22086139|NCT05381662|Patients were divided into two groups, group 1 and group 2, and each group was enrolled in 5 patients. Group 1 patients did not receive any pretreatment, and group 2 patients received pretreatment with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine prior to reinfusion. Then Patients were given Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-Cell( CAR-T) and CD19-positive T cells.
22344488|NCT03327285|A study evaluating safety and efficacy of CBM.CD19-targeted chimeric antigen receptor T cells (C-CAR011) treatment in subjects with acute lymphoblastic leukemia(ALL) after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation（HSCT）. The amount of cells received：1.0-5.0×10^6CAR+T cells/kg
22344688|NCT03321123|"This is an open-label, non-randomized phase II paediatric study. In this study, eligible patients will receive autologous T cells transduced with the lentiviral vector pLTG1563 (MB-CART19.1) at a doesage of 2x10e6 ~2x10e7 CAR-transduced T cells/kg.~Upon enrollment, leukapheresis will be performed for MB-CART19.1 generation. Patients with high disease burden at screening (e.g. ALL with M3 marrow and 10.000/L blasts in peripheral blood) may receive bridging chemotherapy after leukapheresis, to avoid critical tumor lysis syndrome and cytokine release syndrome (CRS) by subsequent lymphodepleting chemotherapy and CAR transfer.~All patients will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy with fludarabine 30 mg/m2/d intravenously (iv) on days -5,-4,-3 and -2 cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m2/d iv on day -3,-2 before CAR T cell transfer to enhance the in vivo expansion of CAR T cells.~Patients will receive freshly prepared MB-CART19.1 on day 0, corresponding to day 12 (48 hours) of manufacturing, at a dose of 2x10e6 ~2x10e7/kg MB-CART19.1 T cells as defined in the study design section. The appropriate volume for the target cell dose will be drawn up and given as an IV injection over 30 minutes through a large vein peripherally or centrally.~The primary objectives are:~To assess the safety and tolerability of MB-CART19.1.~To evaluate the biological activity of adoptive transfer of autologous MB-CART19.1 in patients with R/R CD19-positive B cell lymphoblastic leukemia.~The primary endpoint is Overall response rate (ORR):ORR in ALL patients is defined as the rate of complete remission (CR, CRh) on day 28."
22278662|NCT02414269|"This is an open-label, dose-escalating, non randomized, single-center, phase I/II study of mesothelin-targeted T cells administered intrapleurally as an infusion in patients with a diagnosis (histologically or cytologically documented) of MPD from mesothelioma, lung cancer, or breast cancer. Patients receiving pembrolizumab in cohort 9 only includes patients with a diagnosis of mesothelioma. The total number of patients studied will depend on the number of dose levels tested, up to a maximum dose of 6×10^7 mesothelin-targeted T cells/kg or until the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) is reached. In Phase I of this study, we anticipate infusing a minimum of 4 and a maximum of 54 evaluable patients. The total number of enrolled patients in Phase II of this study depends on the number of observed responses and ranges from 13-21 evaluable patients, including 6 patients treated at the final dose in Phase I.~For patients who were treated and were removed from study, duplicate enrollment is permitted if it is determined the patients could receive benefit. If the patients meet all eligibility criteria, they may receive treatment in a higher dose level cohort. Patients who are re-treated with CAR T cell therapy will not be considered new accruals. Outcomes of re-treated patients will be analyzed separately.~Patients may receive palliative radiotherapy for symptom management prior to or following the CAR T cell infusion. If a patient receives palliative radiotherapy, the study PI, treating Radiation Oncologist, and treating Medical Oncologist will decide whether to proceed with the infusion. Palliative radiotherapy must be completed at least 2 days prior to the administration of cyclophosphamide.~Patients in cohort 9 and in the Phase II portion of the study will begin treatment with pembrolizumab 4 weeks (+3/-1 week window) after completing CAR T cell administration. Patients will receive 3 doses of pembrolizumab given on a recurring schedule followed by reassessment. Patients responding or deriving clinical benefit, without unacceptable toxicity, will be followed for up to 6 months after the first dose of pembrolizumab and may continue pembrolizumab. Patients who cannot receive all 6 doses of pembrolizumab at MSK will be followed and medical records including images will be obtained from the treating physician."
22278669|NCT02208362|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the feasibility and safety of cellular immunotherapy utilizing ex vivo expanded autologous memory-enriched T cells that are genetically modified using a self-inactivating (SIN) lentiviral vector to express an interleukin 13 receptor alpha 2 (IL13R alpha 2)-specific, hinge-optimized, 41BB-costimulatory chimeric antigen receptor (CAR), as well as a truncated human cluster of differentiation 19 (CD19) for participants with recurrent/refractory malignant glioma in one of the following ways: stratum 1 (intratumoral delivery of IL13 [EQ]BBzeta/truncated CD19[t]+ central memory T cells [Tcm]) (IL13R alpha 2-specific, hinge-optimized, 41BB-costimulatory CAR/truncated CD19-expressing T lymphocytes), stratum 2 (intracavitary delivery of IL13 [EQ]BBzeta/truncated CD19[t]+ Tcm, stratum 3 (intraventricular delivery of IL13 [EQ]BBzeta/truncated CD19[t]+ Tcm), stratum 4 (dual delivery [both intratumoral and intraventricular] of IL13 [EQ]BBzeta/truncated CD19[t]+ Tcm), or stratum 5 (dual delivery of IL13 [EQ]BBzeta/truncated CD19[t]+ naive and memory T cells [Tn/mem]).~II. To determine maximum tolerated dose schedule (MTD) and a recommended phase II dosing plan (RP2D) for each stratum based on dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) and the full toxicity profile.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the timing and extent of brain inflammation, as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)/magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS), following T cell administration.~II. To describe cytokine levels (cyst fluid, peripheral blood) over the study period.~III. In research participants who receive the full schedule of three CAR+ T cell doses IIIa. Estimate the six month progression free survival rate. IIIb. Estimate disease response rates. IIIc. Estimate median overall survival.~IV. In research participants who receive intraventricular infusions after progressing following intratumoral/intracranial infusions (stratum 1 or 2):~IVa. Estimate disease response. IVb. Describe CAR T cell and endogenous immune populations, as well as cytokine and microenvironment profiles (cerebral spinal fluid [CSF], cyst fluid, peripheral blood) considering post progression therapy(ies), if applicable.~V. In research participants who receive at least one dose of CAR+ T cells estimate the mean change from baseline in quality of life using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) quality of life questionnaire (QLQ)-C30 and EORTC QLQ brain neoplasm (BN)-20 survey scale, domain and item scores during and post treatment.~VI. For research participants who undergo a second resection or autopsy:~VIa. To evaluate CAR T cell persistence in the tumor micro-environment and the location of the CAR T cells with respect to the injection.~VII. To evaluate IL13R alpha 2 antigen expression levels pre and post CAR T cell therapy.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study. Patients are assigned to 1 of 5 strata.~STRATUM I (Intratumoral delivery) CLOSED TO ACCRUAL 03/02/2018: Patients receive IL13R alpha 2-specific, hinge-optimized, 41BB-costimulatory CAR/truncated CD19-expressing T lymphocytes via intratumoral catheter over 5 minutes weekly for 3 weeks. Beginning as early as 1 week later, patients may receive additional T cell infusions as long as patients remain eligible and there is product available. Patients who progress on intracavitary or intratumoral administration may move to intraventricular catheter for the optional infusions.~STRATUM II (Intracavitary delivery): Patients receive IL13R alpha 2-specific, hinge-optimized, 41BB-costimulatory CAR/truncated CD19-expressing T lymphocytes via intracavitary catheter over 5 minutes weekly for 3 weeks. Beginning as early as 1 week later, patients may receive additional T cell infusions as long as patients continue to remain eligible and there is product available. Patients who progress on intracavitary or intratumoral administration may move to intraventricular catheter for the optional infusions.~STRATUM III (Intraventricular delivery): Patients receive IL13R alpha 2-specific, hinge-optimized, 41BB-costimulatory CAR/truncated CD19-expressing T lymphocytes via intraventricular catheter over 5 minutes weekly for 3 weeks. Beginning as early as 1 week later, patients may receive additional T cell infusions as long as patients continue to remain eligible and there is product available.~STRATUM IV (Dual delivery): Patients receive IL13R alpha 2-specific, hinge-optimized, 41BB-costimulatory CAR/truncated CD19-expressing T lymphocytes via intratumoral catheter and intraventricular catheter over 5 minutes weekly for 3 weeks. Beginning as early as 1 week later, patients may receive additional T cell infusions as long as patients continue to remain eligible and there is product available. Based on clinical response after the first 3 infusions, the study principal investigator may decide to continue with the optional infusions at either one or both sites (instead of requiring injections at both sites).~STRATUM V (Dual delivery): Patients receive IL13 [EQ]BBzeta/truncated CD19[t]+ Tn/mem via intratumoral catheter and intraventricular catheter over 5 minutes weekly for 3 weeks. Beginning as early as 1 week later, patients may receive additional T cell infusions as long as patients continue to remain eligible and there is product available. Based on clinical response after the first 3 infusions, the study principal investigator may decide to continue with the optional infusions at either one or both sites (instead of requiring injections at both sites).~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 4 weeks, 3, 6, 8, 10, and 12 months, and then yearly for 15 years."
22208882|NCT04609241|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory Relapsed and/or Refractory Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and B-cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 72 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22086745|NCT05248048|Evaluate the clinical safety and feasibility of NKG2D CAR-T administrated by hepatic artery transfusion for patients with previously treated liver metastatic colorectal cancer. Evaluate the maximum tolerated dose (MTD), dose limiting toxicities (DLT), and toxicity spectrum of NKG2D CAR-T treatment administrated by hepatic artery transfusion. Secondary Objectives: Evaluate the efficacy of NKG2D CAR-T administrated by hepatic artery transfusion for patients with previously treated liver metastatic colorectal cancer, including PSF, DCR, SD >= 8 weeks, ORR, OS, and DOR.
22278747|NCT03870945|"This trial will be performed as a multi-center phase I/II trial with MB-CART2019.1 and consists of part I. In part I, 12 to 18 patients with relapsed or resistant CD20 and CD19 positive NHL/CLL/SLL will be treated. Six plus three (6+3) patients in dose level 1 and 2 will be treated.~The trial will be conducted in Hematology Departments of Hospitals which meet the structural and personnel requirements for performing the planned regular trial-related investigations. Only sites will be chosen with expertise in and necessary facilities for managing cytokine release storm and other severe adverse events associated with this therapy such as neurotoxicity. A corresponding training to site personnel prior to trial start must be performed. The responsible intensive care unit (ICU) must be informed about the clinical trial before inclusion of the first patient and the respective dosing date in order to make sure that the medical staff of the ICU is able to react appropriately without any loss of time in case of emergency. The University Hospital of Cologne will provide the Coordinating Investigator. Additional clinical sites may be added during the trial.~Patients will be screened between day -30 and day -15. If the patient satisfies all the protocol inclusion and none of the exclusion criteria, he/she will be included in the clinical trial. Leukapheresis will be performed at the collection center on day -14 according to local standard practice. The leukapheresis product of the patient will be shipped by a special courier to the designated manufacturing center assigned by the sponsor. The leukapheresis sample will be used for the individual manufacturing of MB-CART2019.1 by using the automated CliniMACS Prodigy® System. The manufacturing of MB-CART2019.1 will start on day -13 and will be finished on day -1.~On day 5 of the manufacturing process the IPC (in-process-control) will indicate, if the manufacturing process is successful. Therefore, the lymphodepleting chemotherapy must only be started after the positive result of the IPC was confirmed by the manufacturer. Chemotherapy for lymphodepletion will be done on days -5 to -3.~Administration of MB-CART2019.1 will be performed on day 0 in the Hematology Departments of all sites. Patients will be followed up as inpatients until week 4 with close monitoring of their vital functions and lab parameters for signs of adverse events. In the second follow-up phase (week 4 until week 12), response will be assessed, and adverse events will be documented. A follow-up examination will be performed at week 12 (achievement of primary endpoint) and at month 12 which is considered end of trial or end of active part of the trial. In the long-term follow-up yearly until 5 years or patient's death, safety and response assessment as well as persistence of MBCART2019.1 will be performed. These assessments will be analyzed and reported separately and are not part of the entire clinical trial. This is a 6+3 trial design with a 0.3 log dose increment (1x106/2.5x106 MBCART2019.1 per kg BW in a single infusion) and maximum 2 dose levels. If none or one of the six patients at dose level 1 experiences a dose limiting toxicity, another six patients will be treated at dose level 2. If two DLTs are observed at dose level 1 another three patients will be treated with the same dose. If more than two DLTs are observed at dose level 1, trial will continue at dose level 0. Dose escalation continues until at least >2 patients among a cohort of six to nine patients experience dose-limiting toxicities or dose level 2 is completed. The MTD is defined as the dose level below the dose inducing a DLT in more than 2 patients within one dose level. DLT will be evaluated within 4 weeks after the infusion of MB-CART2019.1. An interval of at least 28 days between the treatment of the first and the second patient in each dose level is mandatory. An observation period for DLT of 28 days is considered to be safe to exclude potential toxicities prior to inclusion of the next patients into the same dose group or prior to dose escalation."
22086944|NCT03166878|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To evaluate the feasibility and safety of UCART019 in patients with relapsed or refractory CD19+ leukemia and lymphoma.~To evaluate the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells. Real Time polymerase chain receptor (RT-PCR) analysis of peripheral blood(PB), bone marrow(BM) and lymph node will be used to detect and quantify survival of UCART019 over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to UCART019 cell infusions.~Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD19, and assess correlation with loss of detectable UCART019 (loss of engraftment).~OUTLINE: This is a phase I, dose-escalation study of allogeneic CD19 CAR-T-cells followed by a phase II study.~The UCART019 will be administered by i.v. injection over 20-30 minutes as a using a split dose approach to dosing: 10% on day 0, 30% on day 1 and 60% on day 2."
22345188|NCT02981628|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine the morphologic response rate (complete response [CR] + complete response with incomplete hematologic recovery [CRi]) following one cycle of treatment with inotuzumab ozogamicin in children with relapsed or refractory CD22+ B acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL). (Cohort 1)~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the CR/CRi rate following 2 cycles of inotuzumab ozogamicin therapy. (Cohort 1) II. To determine the safety of single agent inotuzumab ozogamicin administered at the adult recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) to pediatric patients with relapsed or refractory CD22+ B-ALL. (Cohort 1) III. To determine the level of minimal residual disease (MRD) by flow cytometry in responding patients. (Cohorts 1 and 2) IV. To determine the incidence, severity, and outcomes of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome (SOS) of the liver in patients during inotuzumab ozogamicin therapy and following subsequent treatment, including myeloablative hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). (Cohorts 1 and 2) V. To estimate the 3-year event-free survival (EFS), 3-year overall survival (OS), and among responders, duration of CR/CRi for pediatric patients with relapsed or refractory B-ALL treated with inotuzumab ozogamicin. (Cohort 1) VI. To describe inotuzumab ozogamicin pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity in pediatric patients in the presence of overt leukemia and in remission. (Cohort 1) VII. To determine the safe and tolerable dose of inotuzumab ozogamicin in combination with the augmented modified Berlin-Frankfurt-Munster (mBFM) consolidation chemotherapy backbone. (Cohort 2)~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To describe the levels of leukemic blast CD22 surface expression and site density, and to explore the correlation with cytogenetics and clinical outcomes after treatment with inotuzumab ozogamicin. (Cohorts 1 and 2) II. To explore potential mechanisms of resistance to inotuzumab ozogamicin therapy including CD22 splice variants and intracellular signaling pathways. (Cohorts 1 and 2) III. To explore the impact of inotuzumab ozogamicin on humoral immune function and peripheral B cell populations. (Cohorts 1 and 2) IV. To describe the level of MRD by next-generation high-throughput sequencing (HTS) techniques which may detect low level leukemic blast populations that have altered CD22 expression. (Cohorts 1 and 2) V. To prospectively explore candidate SOS biomarkers including the endothelial marker of inflammation Angiopoietin 2 (Ang2) and the hepatic specific complement marker L-ficolin. (Cohorts 1 and 2) VI. To explore the use of prophylactic ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) to prevent hepatic damage and SOS during inotuzumab ozogamicin therapy and subsequent HSCT. (Cohorts 1 and 2) VII. To describe the interaction between inotuzumab ozogamicin and chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy before or after treatment with inotuzumab ozogamicin. (Cohorts 1 and 2) VIII. To estimate the CR/CRi rate following one cycle of inotuzumab ozogamicin plus augmented mBFM consolidation chemotherapy (first 42 days) and following 2 cycles within the confines of a pilot study. (Cohort 2)~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 of 2 cohorts.~COHORT I: Patients receive inotuzumab ozogamicin intravenously (IV) over 60 minutes on days 1, 8, and 15 of each cycle. Treatment repeats every 28 days for up to 6 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. (COMPLETE)~COHORT II: Patients receive inotuzumab ozogamicin IV over 60 minutes on days 1, 8, and 15. Patients also receive cyclophosphamide IV over 30-60 on day 1; cytarabine IV over 1-30 minutes or subcutaneously (SC) on days 1-4 and 8-11; leucovorin calcium orally (PO) or IV on days 2, 9, 16, 23 and 37 of cycle 1 and days 9 and 37 of cycle 2; pegaspargase or calaspargase pegol IV over 1-2 hours or pegaspargase intramuscularly (IM) on day 22; and vincristine IV on days 22 and 29. Patients receive methotrexate intrathecally (IT) on days 1, 8 and 36 of cycle 1 and day 36 of cycle 2 for CNS 1 patients, days 1, 8, 15, 22 and 36 of cycle 1, and day 36 of cycle 2 for CNS 2 patients. CNS 3 patients receive methotrexate intrathecal triple therapy (ITT) IT on days 1, 8, 15, 22 and 36 of cycle 1 and days 8 and 36 of cycle 2. There will be 3 dose levels. If excessive toxicity is observed at dose level 1, the dosing of inotuzumab ozogamicin will be decreased for dose level -1. If excessive toxicity is observed at this dose, then for dose level -2, pegaspargase/calaspargase pegol will be omitted. Treatment repeats every 42 days for up to 2 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients undergo bone marrow aspiration or biopsy, lumbar puncture, and blood sample collection throughout the trial. Patients also undergo imaging on screening and on study.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days, every 3 months for 1 year, and then yearly for 4 years."
22345231|NCT05334823|This is a multiple-center, single-arm, open-label study. After meeting the eligibility criteria and enrolling on the trial, patients will undergo leukapheresis for collection of autologous lymphocytes. Once cells have been manufactured, patients will then proceed to lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide 300mg/m2 and fludarabine 30mg/m2 for 3 consecutive days followed by the infusion of CD19 CAR T-cells at a target dose of 0.6-2 x106 cells/kg.
22278897|NCT03720496|The tri-functional anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor contains an anti-CD19 scFv, a PD-L1 blocker, and a cytokine complex, enabling the CD19-TriCAR-T to simultaneously targeting the CD19 positive NHL cells，blocking the inhibitory PD-L1 signal and stimulating T/NK cell activation and expansion.
22209300|NCT04572308|"The CARs consist of an anti-CD7 single-chain variable fragment（scFv）, a portion of the human CD137（4-1BB） molecule, and the intracellular component of the human CD3ζ molecule. Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of CD7 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory T-ALL/LBL~The Secondary research objectives:~To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of CD7 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory T-ALL/LBL"
22087806|NCT04268706|"The Pilot part of the study will evaluate the safety, tolerability, and preliminary antitumor efficacy of CD30.CAR-T. The Pivotal part of the study will evaluate antitumor efficacy and further evaluate safety and tolerability. All study eligibility requirements, assessments, procedures, and follow-up are the same for patients in both Pilot and Pivotal parts of the study.~Subjects who meet eligibility criteria will have their blood drawn by leukapheresis for manufacture the CD30.CAR-T cells. Subjects are allowed bridging chemotherapy, as per Investigator choice, while waiting for production of CD30.CAR-T. Lymphodepletion (LD) with fludarabine and bendamustine will be administered for 3 consecutive days starting on Day -5 to Day -3, prior to CD30.CAR-T infusion, which will be administered on Day 0 as a single IV infusion. Depending on disease status, eligible subjects may receive up to a total of two CD30.CAR-T infusions at the same dose, each with preceding LD chemotherapy.~Subjects will be closely monitored for safety and efficacy throughout the Treatment Period until the end of study (EOS) visit at Month 24. Subjects will be followed for survival, withdrawal of consent or study closure, whichever occurs first. Health Related Quality of Life assessments will also be collected throughout the study. After the EOS visit, subjects will enter the long-term follow-up phase (LTFU) which will include survival follow-up, additional safety, efficacy and biomarker assessments, as clinically indicated."
22209528|NCT04991948|This Study aims to provide insight into whether CYAD-101 administration concurrently with FOLFOX chemotherapy, followed by pembrolizumab treatment might be a treatment option for patients with unresectable metastatic colorectal cancer
22345736|NCT03302403|"This study is designed to determine the safety, tolerability and engraftment potential of lentivirus-transduced CAR T cells in patients with malignant tumors.~Primary objectives:~Determine the safety and tolerability of CAR T cells (autologous T cells transduced with chimeric antigen receptors recognizing CD19, BCMA, GPC3 and Claudin18.2) in patients with malignant tumors (B-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia/lymphoma, myeloma, hepatocellular carcinoma, pancreatic carcinoma and adenocarcinoma of esophagogastric junction).~Observe the cytokinetics of CAR T cells.~Secondary objectives:~Observe the efficacy of CAR T cells in patients with malignant tumors.~Make an evaluation on the distribution and in vivo survival of CAR T cells in targeted tissues.~Observe the immunogenicity of CAR T cells, and determine if there are anti-scFv cellular immune response and anti-scFv humoral immune response.~Observe the changes of cell subsets for CAR T cells against T cells (Tcm, central memory T lymphocytes; Tem, effector memory T lymphocytes; Treg, regulatory T-lymphocytes)."
22209655|NCT04546893|"The CARs consist of an anti-CD19 single-chain variable fragment（scFv） that was derived from the FMC63 mouse hybridoma, a portion of the human CD137（4-1BB） molecule, and the intracellular component of the human CD3ζ molecule. Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of 1904B in patients with recurrent or refractory B-ALL~The Secondary research objectives:~To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of 1904B in patients with recurrent or refractory B-ALL"
22209699|NCT04539444|Though response rates have greatly improved with the development of Chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CART) therapy in refractory/relapsed B cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (R/R B-NHL), the response can't usually last long and relapse occurs in a large proportion of patients who receive CART cells infusion. The main reasons of relapse might be tumor antigen loss and a lack of CART cell persistence. Currently, preclinical studies have shown that there is a synergistic effect between CAR-T cell therapy and anti-PD1 pathway, and it did have efficacy in clinic. In parallel, the combined use of CART-19 and CART-22 cells has a better potential to reduce antigen escape and increase anti-tumor activity. Therefore, the combination of CD19/22 CART and PD-1 inhibitor is one of the ways to improve the therapeutic effect of CART cells. This study was conducted to explore the efficacy and safety of CD19/22 CART cells in R/R B-NHL.
22279321|NCT05099237|"1 in 2 people will be diagnosed with cancer during their lifetime with over 350,000 new cancer diagnoses per year (UK). Cancer treatment is a complex process. Patients experience a range of symptoms as a consequence of their disease and their treatment. Sometimes, the treatment itself can lead to specific life-threatening complications.Patients who recover may be left with lasting physical and psychological consequences. A third of those who are suffering from cancer or who have recovered from it classify their health as 'average to poor' which is double the rate reported by individuals without health problems. There is an ongoing need to offer patients personalised support through their cancer journey and to identify and minimise complications.~This need for personalised cancer care is emphasised in the NHS Long Term Plan (2019). A key aim of which is to improve cancer survival but with a focus on giving patients 'more control over their health' through improved self-management. The long-term plan identifies a need for digitally-enabled care to empower patients and highlights that artificial intelligence (AI) and digital clinical decision support could play a role in this regard.~Wearable vital signs monitors offer a solution by which patients can be monitored more frequently and in more detail during cancer treatment. There is a huge variety of wearable monitors which range from commercially available well-being trackers to CE marked medical devices. The devices themselves take many forms which may vary in their acceptability to patients and utility to health care professionals. The parameters which can be monitored range from traditional vital signs to more holistic measures of sleep, stress and activity. Such information could help to identify individuals who are recovering well, those who are experiencing specific symptoms or those who need extra assistance.~The availability of commercial well-being monitors is growing rapidly and monitors are becoming progressively more sophisticated. Monitors are also increasingly used in medical research in conjunction with or in place of formal medical devices. This trend has been highlighted in a recent systematic review in which the authors noted the need for further research to understand the validity and acceptability of using such devices in an outpatient healthcare setting. This is particularly true for patients suffering from cancer, where the vast majority of wearable device research has focused upon exercise trackers, the breast cancer tumour type and patients who have already completed their cancer treatment. In addition, the acceptability of such devices to patients has been shown to vary. The COMPARE study reported that patients are broadly supportive of artificial intelligence (AI) and wearable devices whilst a study in patient genitourinary cancer found that acceptability of wearable devices varied between 100% (40-49 years) and 40% (80-89 years).~The situation is broadly the same for wearable vital signs monitors which are registered as medical devices. Whilst these devices have been more extensively studied, the majority of research does not pertain to cancer patients and no specific use case has been identified in this patient population.~Therefore, before wearable vital signs monitors can play a role in cancer care it is essential that the acceptability of the range of devices is formally evaluated in a variety of cancer types, in a broad demographic of patients, over the duration of cancer treatment and in a variety of treatment modalities and settings. The investigators aim to understand the potential of these devices to offer new insights and learn if the information provided can be useful to patients and healthcare professionals."
22209860|NCT04532268|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory CD19+ B-cell hematological malignancies, including acute lymphoblastic leukemia and B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. The selections of dose levels and the numberof subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. Two groups of patients will be enrolled, 36 in each group. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22088874|NCT05108805|"Primary Objectives~To explore the feasibility of treating subjects with YESCARTA in the outpatient setting and guide the development of a subsequent, larger study that will determine the tolerability and safety profile of YESCARTA in the outpatient setting.~To determine the time to specific interventions post infusion and the number of subjects who remain outpatient through 72 hours, 7, 14, and 30 days.~Secondary Objectives:~Identify risk factors that preclude outpatient administration, and to obtain clinical data that will guide the development of guidelines by which YESCARTA treatment in the outpatient setting can be done safely.~Assess the impact of close monitoring with telemedicine and twice-daily physical exam on specific outcomes including CRS and ICANS in subjects treated with YESCARTA in the outpatient setting.~Cumulative steroid exposure within 28 days post YESCARTA infusion.~To calculate the estimated cost of YESCARTA administered in the outpatient setting.~Exploratory Objectives:~Time from YESCARTA infusion to the following: fever, fever with neutropenia, fever without neutropenia.~Time from fever to Tocilizumab, fever to ICU admission, fever to low BP, fever to IV Fluid, fever to vasopressor, fever to onset to arrhythmias and fever to hospitalization.~Calculate modified Neutropenic Fever Symptom Burden (NFSB) score for days 1-3 for each subject. Appendix D~Obtain subject reported outcomes measured by Subject-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS; Appendix F) [16, 17]~Feasibility of using wearable devices to monitor vital signs in the outpatient setting. Data collected are for research only"
22089342|NCT03110640|"Primary objectives~To determine the safety and feasibility of allogeneic stem cell transplantation combined with adoptive transfer of T cells modified to express CD19-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CD19CAR) for treatment of leukemia and lymphoma Secondary objectives~To measure the efficacy of the CD19CAR T cell infusion combined with allogeneic stem cell transplantation"
22210090|NCT04550663|In this study,the enrollment of the patients must meet the inclusion and exclusion criteria . All subjects will be asked to continue to undergo long-term gene safety follow-up.
22089437|NCT05085444|"Autoimmune diseases only show local pathological damage, but more often systemic lesions. If not diagnosed and treated in time or poorly controlled, a risk of disability or even death as the course of the disease progresses. Studies have shown that B cells can present their own antigens to autoimmune T cells to promote the release of inflammatory factors, or they can differentiate into plasma cells to release autoantibodies, and play an important role in the occurrence and progression of autoimmune diseases. In recent years, it has become a major research focus to deplete B cells in patients or inhibit B cell function. This research focuses on CAR-T cells killing B cells. This fully reflects the application prospects of CAR-T cells in autoimmune diseases.~Based on the current research progress, our center intends to conduct research on the safety and effectiveness of CD19/BCMA CAR-T cells in the treatment of refractory scleroderma"
22346399|NCT04935580|"Twenty evaluable subjects are planned to be enrolled in this study. Apheresis will be carried out in subjects who meet eligible criteria, and total 2 cycles of induction therapy (three-drug combination regimen based on bortezomib with details determined by the investigator according to the patient's condition) will be selectively given to subjects before or after apheresis. Next, subjects will receive a single infusion of GC012F, and the efficacy assessments will be performed at 1 month, 3 months, and every 3 months within 2 years until the end of the trial (MRD testing is required for each efficacy assessment),~1.Efficacy assessments performed at the 1st and 3rd months after infusion:~<PR: Protocol change or transplantation or follow-up decided by the investigator.~≥PR: MRD positive: Protocol change or transplantation or follow-up decided by the investigator.~MRD negative: Wait for next follow-up.~2.Efficacy assessments performed at the 6th month after infusion and every 3 months thereafter:~MRD positive: Protocol change or transplantation or follow-up decided by the investigator.~MRD negative: Whether to carry out maintenance treatment using lenalidomide until the end of the trial will be determined by the investigator.~After signing the informed consent form (ICF), subjects will be followed up for efficacy and safety until 2 years after GC012F infusion, or disease progression, or death, or withdrawal of consent, or any intolerable toxicity, whichever comes first. All AEs in subjects, especially infection related symptoms and signs, will be closely monitored during follow-up, and prophylactic treatment will be administered according to clinical practice when necessary. In case of disease progression within 2 years after GC012F infusion, treatment will be administered according to clinical practice, and the survival follow-up (only for the survival status) will be performed every 12 weeks±14 days (2 weeks) until 2 years after infusion, or death, or withdrawal of consent, whichever comes first. For subjects who have undergone transportation or any other clinical routine treatments after GC012F infusion, survival follow-up will be also performed as described above."
22089557|NCT04287660|This is a phase 3, single arm, multi-center study. The patients will receive BiRd regimen (clarithromycin,lenalidomide, dexamethasone) combined with infusion of autologous BCMA-directed CAR T-cells in newly diagnosed MM patients. The study participation will be 4 years including treatment and follow-up periods.
22089579|NCT04270461|The preclinical study clarified that NKG2D-based CAR-T cells showed strong cytotoxicity against NKG2DL+ cell lines in vitro as well as a therapeutic effect against NKG2DL+ cell xenografts in vivo. In addition, the data also demonstrated the safety of NKG2D-based CAR-T therapy. NKG2D-based CAR-T represent a potentially effective and safety therapeutic approach for patient with relapsed/refractory NKG2DL+ solid tumors. In this trial, the investigators researched the safety of administering NKG2D-based CAR-T which generated with CD8 hinge region and transmembrane region, 4-1BB costimulatory region and CD3 zeta region. The investigators also assessed that disease response was determined within the context of a phase I trial.
22279738|NCT03943472|Participants with BCMA-positive relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Tests required to determine eligibility include disease assessments, a physical exam, Electrocardiograph, CT/MRI/PET, and blood draws. Participants receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of BCMA CAR+ T cells. After the infusion, participants will be followed for side effects and effect of BCMA CAR+ T cells. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22089677|NCT04088864|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~Determine the feasibility of manufacturing CD22 CAR T cells for administration to children and young adults with relapsed/refractory (R/R) CD22 expressing B-cell ALL or lymphoma using the Miltenyi CliniMACS Prodigy system.~Determine the safety of an established dose of CD22-CAR T cells in children and young adults with R/R CD22 expressing B-cell malignancies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVE:~- Assess the clinical activity of CD22-CAR T cells in children and young adults with R/R CD22 expressing B-cell malignancies, including overall survival (OS) and progression free survival (PFS)."
22210388|NCT04537442|In this study, about 10 patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma aged ≥60 years were recruited for IM21 CAR-T cell single transfusion therapy. The safety and tolerability of the treatment were evaluated, and the curative effect was initially observed. The research plan includes five stages: screening stage, cell collection stage, chemotherapy pretreatment stage, infusion stage and follow-up stage.
22089717|NCT04007029|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the safety of the autologous anti-CD19/anti-CD20 CAR-expressing naive/memory T cells (CART19/20), including determination of the maximum tolerated dose and assessment for replication competent lentivirus (RCL).~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Clinical response. Ia. Overall response rate. Ib. Duration of remission. Ic. Progression-free survival. Id. Overall survival. II. CD19/CD20 bispecific CAR transgenic T-cell persistence. IIa. T-cell monitoring and analyses. IIb. Evidence of B-cell aplasia.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the serum levels of cytokines associated with cytokine release syndrome (CRS) in subjects exhibiting > grade-2 CRS following CART19/20 cell treatment.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of CD19/CD20 CAR-T cells.~CONDITIONING CHEMOTHERAPY: Patients receive fludarabine phosphate intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes 5, 4, and 3 days before cell infusion.~T-CELL INFUSION: Patients receive CD19/CD20 CAR-T cells IV on day 0. Patients with cytokine release syndrome may also receive tocilizumab IV on day 2 at the discretion of the clinical investigator.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up daily for 14 days, on days 30, 45, 60, 70, 90, and 120, every 3 months for 2 years, every 6 months for 3 years, and then annually for a minimum of 15 years."
22089865|NCT04194931|CD19 has been extensively evaluated as a therapeutic target for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma by chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy,this is a single arm, open-label, single center study to preliminary explore the safety, tolerability and cellular pharmacokinetics of Anti-BCMA and Anti-CD19 CAR-T cells in the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.
22210498|NCT04534634|This is a phase 2, single-center study. The patients will receive IFN-α combined with infusion of CAR T-cells in R/R B-ALL patients. The study participation will be 5 years including treatment and follow-up periods.
22211011|NCT03853616|"The Part I (Phase I) will evaluate the safety of the MB-CART19.1 and determine the recommended dose levels for the Part II (Phase II) efficacy evaluation in each of the three disease cohorts.~Dose evaluation will start in Cohorts 1 and 2 with Dose Level 1 and in Cohort 3 with Dose Level 2, sparing Dose Level 1 (see figure 1). Each of the cohorts will evaluate the safety of MB-CART19.1.~In each dose level of each of the three cohorts three 3 + 3 patients will be treated. A particular dose level will be expanded to 6 patients if one patient out of 3 patients treated at that particular dose level develops DLT. Once this occurs, further dose-escalations are halted until the dose has proven to be safe in the expanded cohort. If 2 or more in a cohort of 6 patients develop DLT no further dose escalation is allowed, and the next lower dose level will be expanded to 6 patients in total. The highest dose among the dose levels tested at which no more than one out of six patients experiences DLT will be considered the MTD. In Dose Level 3, three additional patients will be treated, if no DLT occurred. Dose Level 0 will be tested only if Dose Level 1 is not tolerable.~Cohort 3 will Start with Dose Level 2. If Dose Level 2 is not tolerated, Dose Level 1 will be tested. DLT will be evaluated within 4 weeks after the infusion of MB-CART19.1. An interval of at least 28 days between the treatment of the first and the second patient in each dose level (and in each cohort) is mandatory.~Part II (Phase II) will evaluate the efficacy and safety in patients treated with the recommended dose in Cohorts 1 to 3, respectively. After review of completed day 28 safety and efficacy data within Part I (Phase I) by the SMB, the design of Phase II, specifically the number and types of Phase II cohorts and the recommended dose level(s) for Phase II will be determined and thus, the number of patients to be treated will be calculated."
22090847|NCT04662294|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for CD 70 CAR T for patients with CD70 positive malignant hematologic diseases. The selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 108 patients will be enrolled. Primary objective is to explore the safety,main consideration is dose-related safety.
22091114|NCT04014894|"ET019003-T cells is a human anti-CD19 CAR-T cells by fusing the anti-CD19 antibody Fab domain with the transmembrane and intracellular domains from the γδTCR, which can avoid mispairing with the T cell's endogenous αβTCR chains. Meanwhile, an independent ET190L1-CSR(Chimeric Signaling Receptor) is added to ET019003-T cells in trans, which can bind CD19 to activate a novel costimulatory domain to further promote T cell proliferation and persistence.~The trial is conducted to explore the safety and efficacy of ET019003-T cells in CD19+ Leukemia and Lymphoma."
22091272|NCT03155191|"Enroll patients after confirming eligibility. Following enrollment, peripheral blood mononuclear cells and blood plasma will be obtained from each subject by apheresis to start the manufacturing of TBI-1501.~Before TBI-1501 administration, it is necessary to pass the quality tests. Subject will be hospitalized from Day -3 to Day 28, and administered Cyclophosphamide (1,000 mg/m2/day×2 days) on Day -3 and Day -2."
22152728|NCT05596266|T-acute lymphoblast leukemia (T-ALL) is a neoplastic lymphoid leukemia characterized by the proliferation of immature precursor T cells. The combined chemotherapy has significantly improved the prognosis of T-acute lymphoblast leukemia/lymphoma. However, once the disease appears to be relapsed/refractory, there is limited treatment options, and the overall prognosis is extremely poor. Therefore, exploring safe and effective treatments is a critical unmet medical need. The patients will receive infusion of CAR T-cells targeting CD5 to examine the safety and, possibly the efficacy of CD5 CAR T-Cells in CD5+ relapsed or refractory acute leukemia.
22347197|NCT03252171|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) is a recombinant receptor with both antigen-binding and T cell activating functions. Chimeric antigen receptor T cell Immunotherapy has more advantages compared with conventional immunotherapy, especially in dealing with patients of hematologic malignancies and solid malignant tumors.This study design a novel specific Chimeric antigen receptor aiming at GD2 antigen. After CAR-T cell infusion, At periodic intervals, the investigators will evaluate clinical symptoms Improved conditions of this disease.Through this study, the investigators will evaluate the safety and effectiveness of CAR-T cell immunotherapy in treating with GD2 positive glioma patients.
22149156|NCT05239143|"This is an open label, multi-center Phase 1 study that will follow a 3 + 3 design of dose-escalating cohorts of single and multiple doses of P-MUC1C-ALLO1 to determine a Recommended Phase 2 Dose (RP2D). P-MUC1C-ALLO1 is an allogeneic chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy designed to target cancer cells expressing Mucin1 cell surface associated C-Terminal (MUC1-C) antigen. Additional participants will be treated with P-MUC1C-ALLO1 at the determined RP2D.~Following enrollment, subjects will be treated with P-MUC1C-ALLO1 and will undergo serial measurements of safety, tolerability and response. Rimiducid may be administered as indicated."
22347565|NCT05354375|"We designed a clinical study and divided the trial into two phases.~Phase 1 (climbing test): 9 patients were randomly divided into 3 groups (n=3). 9 patients were treated with cyclophosphamide at the dose of 60mg/kg/d 8-7 days before CAR-T cell infusion, and fludalabine at the dose of 25mg/m^2/d 6-2 days before CAR-T cell infusion. On Day 0, CAR T cells were injected into patients in group 1, 2 and 3 at the dose of 1*10^8/ person, 1*10^9/ person and 1*10^10/ person, respectively. The infusion time exceeded 15-30min. On day 0-14, IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was injected subcutaneously once a day. From day 15-28, IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was subcutaneously injected into the patients three times a week. The purpose of this study is to assess subjects' MTD (maximum tolerated dose) against CAR T cells.~Phase 2: After determining the appropriate therapeutic dose for patients with prostate cancer, the remaining 11 patients received the same pre-treatment of chemotherapy. Then, the appropriate therapeutic dose of CAR T cells according to the results of phase 1 was infused on Day 0. On day 0-14,IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was given subcutaneously once a day. On day 15-28, IL-2 (75000IU/kg) was given subcutaneously three times a week.~Subjects will collect peripheral blood every four weeks, detect PSA and other related indicators to evaluate the curative effect, safety and survival rate of CAR-T cell transplantation. After 6 months of close follow-up, the subjects will have a quarterly medical history assessment, physical examination and blood test, bone metastasis assessment by bone ECT, prostate and pelvic cavity assessment by prostate MRI, and general information by PET CT if necessary for two years. After this assessment, the subjects will enter an annual telephone follow-up and questionnaire survey for up to five years to assess the long-term health problems of treatment, such as recurrence of malignant tumors."
22280880|NCT03881774|CAR-T cells therapy is the preferred option for relapsed/refractory B cell leukemia/lymphoma. However, some patients will relapse after CAR-T cells therapy, and because of previous multicycles chemotherapy it's very difficult to abtain enough lymphocytes for preparation of antologous CAR-T cells. The exploration of alternative source of lymphocytes for CAR-T cells preparation has important clinical implications for such patients. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of cord blood-derived CAR-T cells in such patients, and to explore effective treatment options for such patients.
22149264|NCT04205409|"OUTLINE:~Patients receive nivolumab intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 28 days in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for 30 days and then for up to 5 years."
22091830|NCT05066646|Leukapheresis procedure will be performed to manufacture CT103A chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) modified T cells. Bridging therapy is allowed between PBMC collection and lymphodepletion. Lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide was performed for three consecutive days. After 1-day rest, subjects will receive a single dose infusion of CT103A at 1.0 x 10^6 CAR+ T cells/Kg. Subjects will be followed in the study for a minimum of 2 years after CT103A infusion. Long-term follow-up for lentiviral vector safety will be followed for up to 15 years after CT103A infusion.
22149556|NCT05568680|"This is a Phase 1, FIH, multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation pilot study of a single IV gravity drip infusion of SynKIR-110 in subjects with advanced, mesothelin-expressing tumors (ovarian cancer, primary peritoneal cancer, fallopian tube cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, or mesothelioma). Up to 42 subjects will be assessed to determine the safety and feasibility of treatment with SynKIR-110. Informed consent will be obtained from subjects prior to participation in this study.~The study includes an initial tumor biomarker screening, followed by an enrollment screening period (which includes pre-leukapheresis safety/eligibility and leukapheresis visits), treatment period (administration of non-myeloablative lymphodepleting chemotherapy followed by a single infusion of investigational product), and a 12-month follow-up period or until disease progression. Subjects will be followed for 12 months or until disease progression, at which point they will be invited to participate in a long-term safety follow-up study.~Up to 6 cohorts of 3 to 6 subjects per cohort will be assessed to determine the safety and feasibility of treatment with SynKIR-110. Doses will be escalated following a standard 3 + 3 design until either an MTD or MFD is reached. An additional 6 to 9 subjects will be enrolled at the MTD/MFD to further assess safety and potential activity of SynKIR-110."
22092358|NCT04488354|Patients will be enrolled following either the completion or early termination/discontinuation from Study NCT04450069 or any protocol in which patients were administered CLBR001. Patients will begin the long-term follow-up period regardless of whether they responded to treatment or progressed on treatment. Patients will be followed for up to 15 years post CLBR001 infusion and will continue to be monitored for safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy.
22347831|NCT04855253|E7777 is a recombinant fusion toxin consisting of full-length human IL-2 fused to the catalytic domains of diphtheria toxin. This trial is designed to augment lymphodepletion prior to CAR-T cells by administration of a targeted immunotoxin against CD25-expressing T-cells. CD25 is expressed at high levels on Tregs but also on activated effector T cells. The use of the CAR-T cell product and associated apheresis and LD chemotherapy is considered standard of care (SOC).
22149664|NCT03548207|This study will evaluate the safety and efficacy of JNJ-68284528. The study will include two phases. In Phase1b the study will enroll adults with multiple myeloma with interval assessments for potential dose escalation or de-escalation in subsequent participants. The dose selected at the completion of phase 1b will be used in Phase 2. Following consent, enrolled participants will undergo an apheresis procedure to collect cells for manufacture of investigational drug product (JNJ-68284528). Following manufacture of the drug product, participants will undergo lymphodepletion prior to infusion of JNJ-68284528. Participants will be followed for at least 2 years after study drug infusion, with long-term 15 year follow-up on a separate study. The study will evaluate safety, biomarkers, pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic evaluations and efficacy.
22347848|NCT04715191|"Approximately 15-24 subjects will participate in the treatment part of this study.~Maximum of 180 mL of blood (not exceeding 3ml/kg/day) is collected from patients to grow the T cells and a retrovirus (a special virus that can insert the GPC3 CAR gene into the T cells) is used to genetically engineer them. After the CAR gene was put into the T cells, the investigators make sure that they are able to kill GPC3 positive solid tumor cells in the laboratory.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY:~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to increase in numbers/multiply and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation . Because of that, participants will receive treatment with lymphodepletion chemotherapy. This chemotherapy means the participant will receive both cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine. Participants will receive these drugs for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the participants own T cells before the investigators infuse the CARE T cells.~WHAT THE INFUSION WILL BE LIKE:~After making these cells, they will be frozen. If the patient agrees to participate in this study, at the time the patient is scheduled to be treated, the cells will be thawed and injected into the patient over 5 to 10 minutes. The participant will receive the CARE T CELLS 48 to 72 hours after completing the chemotherapy.~This is a dose escalation study, which means that the investigators do not know the highest dose of GAP T cells that is safe. To find out, the investigators will give the cells to at least 3 participants at one dose level. If that is safe, the investigators will raise the dose given to the next group of participants. The dose each patient gets depends on how many participants get the agent before that patient and how they react. The investigator will tell each patient this information. This will help the participant think about possible harms and benefits. Since the treatment is experimental, what is likely to happen at any dose is not known.~All of the treatments will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment:~Physical exam and History Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function. Pregnancy test (if the participant is a female who can get pregnant) If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will do a test to measure the levels of the virus Measurements of the participant's tumor by scans and the tumor marker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the participant's tumor produces this protein. Tumor markers are molecules in the blood that are higher when a person has certain cancers~Medical tests during and after treatment:~Physical exams and History Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will repeat the test and monitor the levels of the virus Measurements of the participant's tumor by scans (4-6 weeks after the infusion) and AFP (if applicable at 1, 2, and 4 weeks after the infusion).~Tumor biopsy between 2-4 weeks after the infusion and as clinically indicated thereafter. For additional clinically indicated tumor biopsies, investigators will ask for a portion of the sample for research.~FOLLOW-UP STUDIES The investigators will follow the participant during and after the injections. To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the participant's body, up to 60 mL (upto 12 teaspoons, no more than 3ml/kg/day) of blood will be taken from the participant before the chemotherapy, before the T-cell infusion, 1 to 4 hours after the infusion, 3 to 4 days after the infusion (this time point is optional ) at 1 week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks and 8 weeks after the injection, every 3 months for~1 year, every 6 months for 4 years and then every year for the next 10 years. Total participation time for this study will be 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the participant's blood at a certain amount an extra 5 mL of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~The investigators will use this blood to look for the frequency and activity of the cells that the investigators have given; that is, to learn more about the way the T cells are working and how long they last in the body. The investigators will also use this blood to see if there are any long-term side effects of putting the new gene (chimeric antigen receptor, CAR) into the cells. In addition to the blood draws, because the participants have received cells that have had a new gene put in them, the participants will need to have long term follow up for 15 years so the investigators can see if there are any long-term side effects of the gene transfer.~Once a year, the participants will be asked to have their blood drawn and answer questions about their general health and medical condition. The investigators may ask the participants to report any recent hospitalizations, new medications, or the development of conditions or illness that were not present when the participants enrolled in the study and may request that physical exams and/or laboratory tests be performed if necessary.~When tumor biopsy is performed for clinical reasons the investigators will request permission to obtain excess sample to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease.~In the event of death, the investigators will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease and if there were any side effects from the cells with the new gene.~In addition, the investigators would like to ask for participant permission to use tumor biopsy for research purposes only. Associated risk with the biopsy will be discussed with each participant in detail in a procedure specific consent form. The investigators will test the sample to see if the CARET cells can be found in the tumor and what effect they had on the tumor cells.~If participants develop a second abnormal cancer growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested."
22347873|NCT04377932|"Approximately 15-24 subjects will participate in the treatment part of this study.~Maximum of 180 mL of blood (not exceeding 3ml/kg/day) is collected from patients to grow the T cells and a retrovirus (a special virus that can insert the GPC3 CAR gene into the T cells) is used to genetically engineer them. After the CAR gene was put into the T cells, the investigators make sure that they are able to kill GPC3 positive solid tumor cells in the laboratory.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY:~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to increase in numbers/multiply and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation . Because of that, participants will receive treatment with lymphodepletion chemotherapy. This chemotherapy means the participant will receive both cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine. Participants will receive these drugs for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the participants own T cells before the investigators infuse the AGAR T cells.~WHAT THE INFUSION WILL BE LIKE:~After making these cells, they will be frozen. If the patient agrees to participate in this study, at the time the patient is scheduled to be treated, the cells will be thawed and injected into the patient over 5 to 10 minutes. The participant will receive the AGAR T CELLS 48 to 72 hours after completing the chemotherapy.~This is a dose escalation study, which means that the investigators do not know the highest dose of GAP T cells that is safe. To find out, the investigators will give the cells to at least 3 participants at one dose level. If that is safe, the investigators will raise the dose given to the next group of participants. The dose each patient gets depends on how many participants get the agent before that patient and how they react. The investigator will tell each patient this information. If your cancer responds to therapy and there are no DLTs, we would allow for up to 3 additional treatments at that same dose. This will help the participant think about possible harms and benefits. Since the treatment is experimental, what is likely to happen at any dose is not known.~All of the treatments will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function.~Pregnancy test (if the participant is a female who can get pregnant)~If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Measurements of the participant's tumor by scans and the tumor marker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the participant's tumor produces this protein. Tumor markers are molecules in the blood that are higher when a person has certain cancers~Medical tests during and after treatment:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will repeat the test and monitor the levels of the virus~Measurements of the participant's tumor by scans (4-6 weeks after the infusion) and AFP (if applicable at 1, 2, and 4 weeks after the infusion).~Tumor biopsy between 2-4 weeks after the infusion and as clinically indicated thereafter. For additional clinically indicated tumor biopsies, investigators will ask for a portion of the sample for research.~FOLLOW-UP STUDIES The investigators will follow the participant during and after each injection. To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the participant's body, up to 60 mL (upto 12 teaspoons, no more than 3ml/kg/day) of blood will be taken from the participant before the chemotherapy, before the T-cell infusion, 1 to 4 hours after the infusion, 3 to 4 days after the infusion (this time point is optional ) at 1 week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks and 8 weeks after the injection, every 3 months for~1 year, every 6 months for 4 years and then every year for the next 10 years. Total participation time for this study will be 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the participant's blood at a certain amount an extra 5 mL of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~The investigators will use this blood to look for the frequency and activity of the cells that the investigators have given; that is, to learn more about the way the T cells are working and how long they last in the body. The investigators will also use this blood to see if there are any long-term side effects of putting the new gene (chimeric antigen receptor, CAR) into the cells. In addition to the blood draws, because the participants have received cells that have had a new gene put in them, the participants will need to have long term follow up for 15 years so the investigators can see if there are any long-term side effects of the gene transfer.~Once a year, the participants will be asked to have their blood drawn and answer questions about their general health and medical condition. The investigators may ask the participants to report any recent hospitalizations, new medications, or the development of conditions or illness that were not present when the participants enrolled in the study and may request that physical exams and/or laboratory tests be performed if necessary.~When tumor biopsy is performed for clinical reasons the investigators will request permission to obtain excess sample to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease.~In the event of death, the investigators will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease and if there were any side effects from the cells with the new gene.~In addition, the investigators would like to ask for participant permission to use tumor biopsy for research purposes only. Associated risk with the biopsy will be discussed with each participant in detail in a procedure specific consent form. The investigators will test the sample to see if the GAP T cells can be found in the tumor and what effect they had on the tumor cells.~If participants develop a second abnormal cancer growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested."
22347882|NCT04240808|"The objective of this Phase 1 open-label study is to assess the feasibility of UCD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T Cells manufacture onsite, successful infusion of eligible subjects, and safety of UCD19 CAR T Cells infusion in subjects with relapsed/refractory B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (B-NHL).~Six (6) subjects will participate in the initial cohort of this open-label, single arm, single site study to assess dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) and safety; the first set of 3 subjects will initiate treatment with lymphodepleting chemotherapy prior to CAR T cell infusion staggered 30 days from CAR T cell dosing of the previously treated subject. Depending on the assessment of DLTs, the second set of 3 subjects may be enrolled and dosed without stagger.~After the initial 6 subjects have received treatment, an additional 14 subjects will participate in the Phase 1 expansion study.~Participants will include adults with relapsed/ primary refractory CD19 positive (i.e. CD19 expressing) B-NHL as confirmed by either flow cytometry, immunohistochemistry (IHC), or both who are not candidates for other curative forms of therapy. Enrolled participants will receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy followed by infusion of UCD19 CAR T Cells (Lentiviral Vector [LV] Transduced Autologous Peripheral Blood Lymphocytes). Participants will be enrolled up to 1 month before anticipated date of apheresis, and will be considered completed at 12 months post-treatment.~Long Term Follow Up will be conducted under a separate protocol and will occur for up to 15 Years to collect data on the long-term safety of UCD19 CAR T Cells, and for the observation, detection, and evaluation of latent adverse reactions including secondary malignancies.~While this study focuses on primary endpoints for feasibility of the manufacturing and infusion processes and safety of the administered UCD19 CAR T Cells, preliminary evidence of effectiveness will be collected and analyzed for use in planning future CAR T cell therapy studies."
22347895|NCT04049383|This is a phase 1, interventional, open label, treatment study designed to evaluate the safety and feasibility of infusion of CAR-20/19-T in subjects with B cell ALL who have relapsed after prior therapies or refractory disease and are not candidates for curative intent standard therapy. There will be two phases of this study. First, a dose escalation phase will determine the safe CAR-20/19-T cell dose in patients B-cell ALL. Once the desired dose has been identified there will be a six-patient dose expansion phase at the specified dose level.
22212921|NCT04322292|The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre- Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), C-CAR088 infusion and Follow-up.
22092781|NCT05063682|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~Examine and describe the safety and feasibility of EGFRvIII-specific hinge-optimized CD3 ζ-stimulatory/41BB-co-stimulatory Chimeric Antigen Receptor autologous T-lymphocytes (EGFRvIII -CAR T cells) through intracerebroventricular (ICV) delivery as adjuvant therapy in participants with EGFRvIII+ leptomeningeal disease from glioblastoma.~Determine the activity of EGFRvIII -CAR T cells based on survival rate at 12 months for both arms.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~Describe persistence, expansion and phenotype of endogenous and EGFRvIII -CAR T cells in peripheral blood (PB), tumor cyst fluid (TCF) and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) at applicable time points~Describe cytokine levels in PB, TCF, and CSF at applicable time points~Estimate the rate of disease response by Response Assessment in Neuro-Oncology Leptomeningeal Metastases (RANO LM) criteria~Estimate rate of progression free survival at 6 months. Estimate rate of overall survival (OS) at 12 months by study arm.~Estimate time to next treatment~Evaluate EGFRvIII -CAR T cell persistence in the tumor tissue and the location of the EGFRvIII -CAR T cells with respect to the infusion site.~Evaluate biomarkers and cytokine levels~OUTLINE:~Patients receive EGFRvIII -CAR T cells intracerebroventricular over 15 minutes on day 1. Patients may receive additional cycles based on the persistence of the cells. The patients are followed extensively according to the clinical pharmacology sampling plan; on days 1-30, months 2-12, and three times per year up to 10 years based on response"
22092826|NCT05060796|In this study, the dose(number of cells by body weight) and time of infusion should be recorded in detail according to the dosage of slope climbing and single infusion. The safety of chimeric antigen receptor T(CAR-T) cells treatment was evaluated by observing the adverse events after cell therapy. The effectiveness of CAR-T treatment was initially assessed compared with the results of the patient's own previous standard treatment plan. Blood was collected before and within 12 months after infusion to detect the number and activity of CAR-T cells and evaluate the pharmacokinetic characteristics of CAR-T cells.
22092901|NCT03097770|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To assess the efficacy of TanCAR19/20 T cells in relapsed or refractory NHL, defined as overall response rate (ORR).~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the safety and tolerability of TanCAR19/20 T cells. II. To evaluate time to response (TTR), duration of overall response (DOR), progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS).~III. To determine in vivo expansion and persistence of TanCAR19/20 T cells.~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 group according to order of enrollment. Patients receive anti-CD19/20-CAR (coupled with CD137 and CD3 zeta signalling domains)vector-transduced autologous T cells on day1 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 3 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 3 years."
22213100|NCT01218867|"Background:~We have constructed a single retroviral vector that contains a chimeric T cell receptor (CAR) that recognizes the Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor 2 (VEGFR2), which can be used to mediate genetic transfer of this CAR with high efficiency (> 50%) without the need to perform any selection. Administration of VEGFR2 CAR transduced cells inhibited tumor growth in several different models in different mouse strains.~In co-cultures with VEGFR2 expressing cells, anti-VEGFR2 transduced T cells secreted significant amounts of interferon (IFN) gamma with high specificity.~Objectives:~Primary objectives:~To evaluate the safety of the administration of anti-VEGFR2 CAR engineered cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8)+ peripheral blood lymphocytes in patients receiving a non- myeloablative conditioning regimen, and aldesleukin.~Determine if the administration of anti-VEGFR2 CAR engineered CD8+ peripheral blood lymphocytes and aldesleukin to patients following a nonmyeloablative but lymphoid depleting preparative regimen will result in clinical tumor regression in patients with metastatic cancer.~Secondary objective:~-Determine the in vivo survival of CAR gene-engineered cells.~Eligibility:~Patients who are 18 years of age or older must have:~metastatic cancer;~previously received and have been a non-responder to or recurred after standard care for metastatic disease;~Patients may not have:~-contraindications for high dose aldesleukin administration.~Design:~Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) obtained by leukapheresis (approximately 5 times 10(9) cells) will be cultured in the presence of anti-CD3 (OKT3) and aldesleukin in order to stimulate T-cell growth.~Transduction is initiated by exposure of approximately 10(8) to 5 times 10(8) cells to retroviral vector supernatant containing the VEGFR2 genes.~Patients will receive a nonmyeloablative but lymphocyte depleting preparative regimen consisting of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine followed by intravenous infusion of ex vivo CAR gene-transduced CD8+ PBMC plus intravenous (IV) aldesleukin. With approval of amendment C, aldesleukin (based on total body weight) will be administered at a dose of 72,000 IU/kg as an intravenous bolus over a 15 minute period approximately every eight hours (+/- 1 hour) beginning within 24 hours of the cell infusion and continuing for up to 5 days (maximum 15 doses~Patients will undergo complete evaluation of tumor with physical examination, computed tomography (CT) of the chest, abdomen and pelvis and clinical laboratory evaluation four to six weeks after treatment. If the patient has stable disease (SD) or tumor shrinkage, repeat complete evaluations will be performed every 1-3 months. After the first year, patients continuing to respond will continue to be followed with this evaluation every 3-4 months until off study criteria are met.~The study will be conducted using a Phase I/II optimal design. The protocol will proceed in a phase 1 dose escalation design. Initially, the protocol will enroll 1 patient in each dose cohort unless that patient experiences a dose limiting toxicity (DLT). Should a single patient experience a dose limiting toxicity due to the cell transfer at a particular dose level, additional patients would be treated at that dose to confirm that no greater than 1/6 patients have a DLT prior to proceeding to the next higher level. If a level with 2 or more DLTs in 3-6 patients has been identified, three additional patients will be accrued at the next-lowest dose, for a total of 6, in order to further characterize the safety of the maximum tolerated dose prior to starting the phase II portion. If a dose limiting toxicity occurs in the first cohort, that cohort will be expanded to 6 patients. If 2 DLTs are encountered in this cohort, the study will be terminated. If IFN-gamma levels increase substantially (as defined in the protocol) in the patient in a cohort compared to the prior patient, the cohort would be expanded to an n=3 to obtain more data on this phenomenon. If one of these 3 patients experience a DLT, the cohort will be expanded to six patients. Following amendment C, patients will be enrolled in cohorts 8-11, with the non-myeloablative chemotherapy regimen, cells and low dose aldesleukin following a conventional 3+3 design. Once the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) has been determined, the study then would proceed to the phase II portion. Patients will be entered into two cohorts based on histology: cohort 1 will include patients with metastatic melanoma and renal cancer, and cohort 2 will include patients with other types of metastatic cancer.~For each of the 2 strata evaluated, the study will be conducted using a phase II optimal design where initially 21 evaluable patients will be enrolled. For each of these two arms of the trial, if 0 or 1 of the 21 patients experiences a clinical response, then no further patients will be enrolled but if 2 or more of the first 21 evaluable patients enrolled have a clinical response, then accrual will continue until a total of 41 evaluable patients have been enrolled in that stratum.~The objective will be to determine if the combination of aldesleukin, lymphocyte depleting chemotherapy, and anti-VEGFR2 CAR-gene engineered CD8+ lymphocytes is able to be associated with a clinical response rate that can rule out 5% (p0=0.05) in favor of a modest 20% partial response (PR) + complete response (CR) rate (p1=0.20)."
22093037|NCT03599375|In this single-center, open-label, single-arm, prospective clinical trial, a total of 20 recurrent or refractory CD19+ B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients will be enrolled.After recruiting eligible patients,autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells(PBMCs) will be purified from whole blood.The CD3+ T cells were subsequently selected and re-stimulated by anti-CD3 and anti-CD28 monoclonal antibodies.T cells will be transduced with lentiviral vector for the generation of the CD19 CART cell and administered by i.v. injection.The purpose of current study is to determine the safety and clinical efficacy of CD19 CAR T cells therapy in patients with recurrent or refractory CD19+ ALL.
22348010|NCT03564977|Relapse is a common cause of failure in patients with B-cell malignancies after autologous stem cell transplantation. CD19-targeted CAR-T cells showed excellent therapeutic efficiency in B-cell malignancies. Investigators attempt to treat minimal residual disease (MRD)-positive B-cell Malignancies after autologous stem cell transplantation by CD19-targeted CAR-T cells and hope to explore the therapeutic effects of CD19-targeted CAR-T cell therapy.
22093093|NCT03407859|B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia is the most common type of leukemia and the prognosis of relapsed/refractory B-ALL is poor. Chimeric Antigen Receptor-transduced T cell (CAR-T) therapy is one of revolutionary targeted immunotherapy. CD19 CAR-T is the most commonly used engineered T cell in B-ALL. The treatment effect is significant and far more than traditional therapy in relapsed/refractory B-ALL. However, the remission time after CD19 CAR-T infusion is short.CD19-positive and CD19-negative B-ALL relapses after CD19 CAR T-cell treatment have occurred in some patients The cause of relapse after CAR-T infusion is minimal residual disease (MRD) which will induce CD19 negative relapse. CD20/CD22/CD10 is still expressed in CD19 negative B-ALL cells which means these CD molecules may become new targets in treatment of CD19 negative relapse of B-ALL. Thus sequential treatment with CD20/CD22/CD10-CART after CD19-CART treatment in relapsed/refractory B-ALL will kill and eliminate CD19 negative B-ALL cells and prolong the remission time.
22213236|NCT04317885|"This study plans to enroll 25 patients to assess the safety and efficacy of C-CAR039. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will receive a single dose of C-CAR039 injection.~The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Apheresis and C-CAR039 manufacturing, Bridging (if needed), Baseline, lymphodepletion, C-CAR039 infusion, and Follow-up Visit."
22093250|NCT04191941|The Novel CAR-T contains either a scFv plus a PD-L1 blocker, or two scFvs, in a cytokine complex based outer memberane structure, this kind of structure enables the CAR-T cells to simultaneously target one or two targets on the tumor cell surface and enhance CAR-T cell persistence in tumor microenvironment，as well as stimulating innate T/NK cell activation and expansion.
22348168|NCT03545815|"To evaluate the feasibility and safety of CRISPR-Cas9 mediated PD-1 and TCR gene-knocked out chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells in patients with mesothelin positive multiple solid tumors.~To evaluate the duration of in vivo persistence of transferred CAR-T cells.~To observe and measure anti-tumor responses for patients with detectable mesothelin positive tumor lesions."
22281709|NCT05170568|"Approximately 5 sites are planned to be selected for the clinical trial. The subjects, who sign the informed consent forms and been screened by inclusion/exclusion criteria, will be assigned into 0.5 × 10^6, 2.0 × 10^6 and 4.0 × 10^6 CAR-T/kg groups in order of sequence. And the subjects will be administered once. Dose escalation will follow 3 + 3 design and 3-6 subjects in each group will complete a single dose. Within the same dose group, the next subject will be administered after the previous subject has completed at least 14 days of safety observation. After the last subject in each dose group has completed the dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) assessment window of 28 days after single dose, the enrollment and treatment for the next dose group may be initiated after the Safety Review Committee (SRC) agrees to enter the next dose group based on clinical safety data assessment.~When DLT occurs in 1 of 3 subjects in a dose group, 3 additional subjects in the same dose group will be required (up to 6 subjects in the dose group have completed DLT assessment): if no DLT occurs in the additional 3 subjects, dose escalation will continue; if 1 of the 3 additional subjects experiences one DLT, dose escalation will be discontinued; if more than 1 of the 3 additional subjects experiences DLTs, dose escalation will be discontinued, and 3 additional subjects will be required to be enrolled at one lower dose level for DLT assessment. After the end of escalation for the maximum dose group, if no MTD is observed, the highest dose level is defined as the MTD."
22150646|NCT03585517|Assessment of the Safety and Feasibility of Administering T Cells Expressing an Anti-CD123 Chimeric Antigen Receptor to Patients With CD123+ AML and determine the best dosage.
22093806|NCT04249947|"This is an open label, multi-center Phase 1 study that will follow a 3 + 3 design of dose-escalating cohorts of single and multiple doses of P-PSMA-101 to determine a Recommended Phase 2 Dose (RP2D). Additional participants will be treated with P-PSMA-101 at the determined RP2D.~Following consent, enrolled participants will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to obtain peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) which will be sent to a manufacturing site to produce P-PSMA-101 CAR-T cells. The cells will then be returned to the investigational site and administered after a lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen. Rimiducid may be administered as indicated."
22093821|NCT05619861|Main research objective: To evaluate the safety of autologous CAR-T cell injection in the treatment of recurrent and refractory hematopoietic and lymphoid tissue tumors. Secondary research objective: To investigate the efficacy and cytodynamic characteristics of autologous CAR-T cell injection in the treatment of recurrent and refractory hematopoietic and lymphoid tissue tumors
22150775|NCT05028933|"This is a phase I open-label, single and multiple infusion, dose escalation/cohort expansion study to evaluate the safety, cell pharmacokinetics, and preliminary efficacy of EPCAM CAR-T, infused intravenously in subjects who have been diagnosed with advanced malignant tumors of the digestive system (including advanced gastric cancer, colorectal cancer, liver cancer and pancreatic cancer) and refractory or intolerant to current standard systemic treatment.~Primary objectives:~•To evaluate the safety and tolerability of EPCAM CAR-T infused intravenously at escalating doses in patients with advanced malignant tumors of the digestive system.~Secondary objectives:~The treatment of EpCAM CAR-T for patients with advanced digestive system malignancies, according to the dose-limiting toxicity and clinical response, including Possible side effects, determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD), extended recommended dose (RDE) and/or recommended phase II dose (RP2D).~Assess the correlation between the pharmacodynamic (PD) biomarkers of IMC001 and clinical efficacy; EpCAM CAR-T expands and persists in vivo Correlation between sexual and pharmacodynamic (PD) biomarkers and adverse events.~To evaluate the preliminary anti-tumor efficacy of EpCAM CAR-T in patients with advanced digestive system malignancies. According to the evaluation criteria for the efficacy of solid tumors (RECIST) Version V.1.1, Evaluation Criteria for Efficacy of Immunotherapy for Solid Tumors (iRECIST), using objective response rate(ORR), duration of remission (DOR), disease control rate (DCR) and progression-free survival (PFS) description preliminary Anti-tumor activity.~The incidence of treatment-related adverse events.~Exploratory purpose:~Assess changes in immune status of EPCAM CAR-T treatment.~Assess the change of CTC in the peripheral blood of patients and the clearance effect of CAR-T cell treatment on CTC."
22150811|NCT03975907|The study is composed of two stages, Phase I stage is for dose escalation and recommendation of phase 2 dose, and Phase II stage is to Detailed Description: verify the efficacy and safety of the dose proposed.
22094108|NCT03154775|This is a single arm, single-center, non-randomized study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of C-CAR011 therapy in relapsed or refractory B cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL). The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation; Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), Treatment and Follow-up.
22094296|NCT03018093|"This is a single-center, Open Label phase I clinical trial, 20 subjects planned to be enrolled. The trial have two stages (Phase I dose-escalation clinical trial and phase I dose expansion trial).Subjects will be divided into low-dose group, medium-dose group and high-dose group.Additional patients will be enrolled to confirm the optimal dose~Dose CAR+ cells/kg Low 0.5×106 Medium 1.5×106 High 3.0×106"
22282124|NCT05239702|"Most patients with autoimmune diseases depend on hormones for life, and when poorly controlled, they are at risk of disability or even death. Studies have found that the abnormal T cell function of patients is closely related to the occurrence and development of the disease. Therefore, reducing the T cells in the patient's body or blocking the function has become the latest breakthrough in treatment. CD7 is a specific antigen on the surface of T cells. CD7 CAR-T can specifically attack T cells and has the potential to cure. In 2019, Science Translational Medicine magazine reported that the Marko Radic team demonstrated that CAR-T cells can achieve significant and long-lasting effects in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) through animal experiments. In 2021, NEJM magazine reported the clinical efficacy of CAR-T cells in the treatment of SLE. In the same year, Journal of Clinical Oncology reported the clinical efficacy and safety of CD7 CAR-T cells in the treatment of T cell ALL.~Based on the current research status, we applied to clinical research on the treatment of refractory autoimmune diseases by targeting CD7 CAR-T cells. The selection criteria is patients with refractory autoimmune diseases. The purpose is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of targeted CD7 CAR-T cell therapy through this clinical trial study, and to provide clinical evidence and experience reference for the application of CAR-T cell technology in the treatment of refractory autoimmune diseases."
22094791|NCT05105867|The study consists of the following periods: screening, lymphodepletion, CAR-T cell infusion, safety follow up, and long term follow-up.
22094996|NCT03915184|"This is an open label, multi-center, phase 1b/2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of autologous chimeric antigen receptor-B-cell maturation antigen (CAR-BCMA T cell; zevor-cel/CT053) in patients with relapsed and or refractory multiple myeloma.~Phase 1b of the study will be dose escalation followed by an expansion cohort. After recommended Phase 2 dose is identified in Phase 1b, the enrollment of Phase 2 will start. Following consent, enrolled subjects will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to collect autologous mononuclear cells for manufacture of investigational drug product (zevor-cel). Following manufacture of the drug product, subjects will receive lymphodepletion prior to zevor-cel infusion. All subjects who complete the study, as well as those who withdraw from the study after receiving zevor-cel for reasons other than death or meeting the early termination criteria, will be asked to continue to undergo a 15-year long-term follow-up study."
22214426|NCT04844866|"This study should determine superiority of MB-CART2019.1 treatment compared to SoC therapy with R-GemOx (rituximab, gemcitabine and oxaliplatin) with respect to progression-free survival in second-line therapy in participants with R-R DLBCL, who are non-eligible for high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplantation.~MB-CART2019.1 is designed to effectively target malignant B cells in patients suffering from late stage haematological B-cell malignancies. MB-CART2019.1 consists of autologous cluster of differentiation CD20/CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) transduced CD4/CD8 enriched T cells, derived from a leukapheresis and processed by using the CliniMACS Prodigy®. Patients who are suitable for this study will be randomized 1:1 to either MB-CART2019.1 or SoC. Both treatment arms are unblinded.~MB-CART2019.1 arm: Single infusion of fresh formulation of 2.5 × 10^6 CAR-transduced autologous T cells. IMP is only to be administered after a lymphodepleting chemotherapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide. For MB-CART2019.1 production, patients will undergo a leukapheresis.~SoC arm: R-GemOx (8 cycles of 14 days each) or (10% of SoC arm) BR (Bendamustine/Rituximab) + polatuzumab vedotin (6 cycles of 21 days each).~The duration of the active part of the study for each individual participant from screening to the end of the 1-year follow-up after infusion of MB-CART2019.1 cells (experimental arm) or the start of SoC therapy (comparator arm) will be approximately 55 weeks. The LTFU in Year 2 after infusion of MB-CART2019.1 cells or the start of treatment in the comparator arm will not be part of the active part of the clinical study and will be reported separately."
22214429|NCT04815356|"Background~Hairy cell leukemia (HCL) is an indolent CD22+ B-cell leukemia comprising 2% of all leukemias. Most cases of HCL respond well to purine analog chemotherapy and harbor BRAF V600E mutation that can be considered for targeted treatment at the time of relapse. However, there are patients with high-risk HCL such as patients with BRAF wild type IGHV4-34 unmutated HCL who respond poorly to chemotherapy and have poor survival.~HCL variant (HCLv), also brightly CD22+, resembles HCL morphologically but is more aggressive and responds poorly to standard purine analog chemotherapy. Patients have fewer options of targeted treatment partly due to wild type BRAF. We showed that the overall survival in patients progressed after cladribine-rituximab is less than three years.~Moxetumomab pasudotox-tdfk is an anti-CD22 recombinant immunotoxin which in 2018 was FDA-approved for adult patients with relapsed/refractory HCL. However, there are patients with HCL and HCLv who progress after treatments with standard purine analog chemotherapy and moxetumomab pasudotox-tdfk, and in the case of classic HCL, even after BRAF +/- MEK inhibition. There is still an unmet need for new treatment options for those with relapsed/refractory disease.~Adoptive cellular therapy with T-cells genetically modified using viral-based vectors to express chimeric antigen receptors (CAR) targeting the CD22 molecule have demonstrated dramatic clinical responses in patients with CD22+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).~Moxetumomab pasudotox-tdfk proved that CD22 is a potent target for HCL due to its ubiquitous expression in HCL and HCLv, and cellular therapy represents a promising target for those patients that have progressed after other treatments options with chemotherapy, immunotherapy and targeted therapy. This will be the first trial of anti-CD22 CAR T-cell therapy in the treatment of relapsed/refractory HCL and HCLv.~Objectives~To assess the safety and feasibility of administering escalating doses of autologous anti-CD22-CAR (M971BBz) engineered T-cells in subjects with HCL/HCLv following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine lymphodepletion regimen.~Explore whether the administration of anti-CD22-CAR engineered T-cells can mediate antitumor effects in HCL/HCLv.~Eligibility~HCL/HCLv, after prior treatment with, ineligible for, refusal of, or inability to obtain 1) Rituximab given concurrently with or sequentially after purine analog, 2) moxetumomab pasudotox-tdft, and 3) BRAF-inhibition.~Need for treatment, either 1) ANC <1/nL, 2) Hgb <10g/dL, 3) Plt <100/nL, 4) HCL count >5/nL, 5) HCLv count doubling time <3 months, 6) symptomatic splenomegaly, 7) enlarging HCL mass > 2cm in short axis, 8) increasing lytic or blastic bone lesions.~->= 18 years of age.~CD22 expression must be detected on greater than 15% of the malignant cells by immunohistochemistry or greater than 80% by flow cytometry~No uncontrolled infection, cardiopulmonary dysfunction, or secondary malignancy requiring treatment.~No chemotherapy, immunotherapy, or radiation therapy less than or equal to 2 weeks prior to apheresis.~Design~PBMC will be obtained by leukapheresis, CD3+ cells enriched and cultured in the presence of anti-CD3/-CD28 beads followed by lentiviral vector supernatant containing the anti-CD22 (M971BBz) CAR.~On Day -5 (cell infusion is Day 0), participants will begin lymphodepleting chemotherapy comprising fludarabine 30 mg/m2 on Days -5, -4, -3, and -2, and cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m2 on days -3 and -2.~The CD22-CAR T-cells will be infused on Day 0, with up to a 7 day delay if cells are cryopreserved, if needed for resolution of clinical toxicities, to generate adequate cell numbers, or to facilitate scheduling.~A Phase I cell dose escalation scheme will be performed primarily using 4 dose levels (1 x 10^5 105; 3 x 105, 1 x 106, and 3 x 106 transduced T-cells/kg.~After 2 participants are enrolled at dose level 1 without dose limiting toxicity (DLT) or response, subsequent participants will each be enrolled at increasing dose levels until either DLT or complete response (CR) is observed, after which that dose level will be expanded. Once the maximum tolerated dose (or highest level evaluated) is reached, with 0-1 out of 6 having DLT, an additional 4 participants will be enrolled to provide further assessment of DLTs and for determining a preliminary assessment of the efficacy of the therapy in this participant population.~Participants will be monitored for toxicity, response and T-cell persistence as well as other biologic correlates.~Participants who achieve inadequate engraftment of transduced T-cells may receive a 2nd dose of CAR T-cells at a same or higher dose level, with the same or lower dose of lymphodepleting chemotherapy, with results not to affect the primary endpoint of the study.~Accrual ceiling will be set at 27 to allow for a few inevaluable participants and screen failures."
22348738|NCT03060356|"This is a pilot study to evaluate feasibility, safety, and preliminary evidence of efficacy for intravenously administered, RNA electroporated autologous T cells expressing MET chimeric antigen receptors with tandem TCRζ and 4-1BB (TCRζ /4-1BB) co-stimulatory domains (referred to as RNA CART-cMET) in patients with advanced melanoma or breast carcinoma. Subjects will be treated with IV administration of the RNA transduced anti-cMET CAR T cells for a total of up to six doses over a 2 week period.~Each dose is 1x108 total T cells modified with RNA anti-cMET CAR. All subjects in both the melanoma and breast carcinoma arms will receive up to 6 doses of RNA CART-cMET cells, with no lymphodepleting chemotherapy administered prior to cell infusion Cell numbers are based on total cells with a portion of them having CAR expression depending on transduction efficiency and determined by flow cytometry Based on the product release criteria, at least 20% of the total cells will express the anti-cMET CAR. Treatment limiting toxicity (TLT). Adverse event reporting will begin at the start of the first dose of RNA CART-cMET and will continue until 4 months after the first infusion, or until another alternative therapy is initiated, whichever occurs earlier. Subjects will be continually reassessed for evidence of acute and cumulative toxicity."
22282439|NCT05620706|Hepatocellular carcinoma is a highly heterogeneous disease. Treatment strategies for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma are limited. Resulting in a poor prognosis. Phosphatidylinositol proteoglycan 3 (GPC3) is a heparan sulfate glycoprotein (HSPG) on the surface of the cell membrane. It is highly expressed in liver cancer tissues, but hardly expressed in normal liver tissues. It is an ideal target for tumor treatment. Investigators aimed to test the safety and efficacy of GPC3 CAR-T cells in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.
22348947|NCT03559439|This is a single-center, Open Label phase I clinical trial, 9 subjects planned to be enrolled. The subjects will be divided into low-dose group, medium-dose group and high-dose group.Dose CAR+ cells/kg Low 1×105 Medium 2×106 High 6×106
22214731|NCT05625594|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Examine and describe the safety and feasibility of ICV delivery of CD19CAR-CD28-CD3zeta-EGFRt-expressing Tcm-enriched T-lymphocytes (CD19-CAR T cells) and determine the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) in participants with primary CNS lymphoma (PCNSL).~II. Determine the activity of ICV-delivered CD19-CAR T cells based on disease response at the maximum tolerated dose (MTD).~SECONDAY OBJECTIVES:~I. Describe persistence, expansion and phenotype of endogenous and CD19-CAR T cells in peripheral blood (PB), and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF), when available.~II. Describe cytokine levels (PB, CSF) over study period. III. Quantify B-cell aplasia over the treatment period as a surrogate for targeted cytotoxicity in the periphery.~IV. Assess prolonged cytopenia based on prolonged grade 4 continuous or intermittent anemia, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, and hypogammaglobulinemia > 60 days or deemed medically significant.~V. Estimate rates of disease response. VI Estimate rate of 6-month progression free survival (PFS6mon). VII. Estimate median overall survival (OS).~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Characterize changes in potential molecular and gene-analysis based indicators of neurotoxicity in CSF and PB.~II. Describe the tumor phenotype pre- and post-therapy. III. Characterize functional and phenotypic metabolic profile of CAR T cells pre- and post-infusion.~IV. Assess the presence and magnitude of human anti-mouse antibody (HAMA).~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study followed by a dose-expansion study.~Patients may undergo catheterization, undergo leukapheresis, may receive fludarabine intravenously (IV) and cyclophosphamide IV, and receive CD19-CAR T cells ICV on study. Patients also undergo magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), positron emission tomography (PET), computed tomography (CT), collection of blood samples, and CSF aspiration throughout the trial, and lumbar puncture as clinically indicated."
22214772|NCT05352542|This is an open-label, dose escalation/expansion study to assess the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of LCAR-H93T in patients ≥ 18 years of age with relapsed or refractory advanced hepatocellular carcinoma. Patients who meet the eligibility criteria will receive LCAR-H93T infusion. The study will include the following sequential phases: screening, pre-treatment (cell product preparation; lymphodepleting chemotherapy), treatment and follow up
22095688|NCT03818165|"Patients will receive weekly 3 doses of CAR2 Anti-CEA CAR-T cells in each 28-day cycle by hepatic arterial infusions using a Pressure Enhanced Delivery Device (PEDD) with low dose systemic IL-2 support. Patients may receive up to 3 cycles of CAR2 Anti-CEA CAR-T cell hepatic arterial infusions, per discretion of the investigator.~All patients who receive investigational CAR-T therapy will be included in the analyses and summaries of safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic assessments."
22349053|NCT04934774|Anti-CD7 CAR is a chimeric antigen receptor immunotherapy treatment designed to treat leukemia/lymphoma expressing CD7 antigen. T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, T-acute lymphoblastic lymphoma and T-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma are a subset of leukemias and lymphomas that are positive for the surface protein CD7. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of anti-CD7 CAR T cells.
22282624|NCT03778346|"Multiple myeloma（MM） is one of the most common malignant diseases in the blood system.There is still no cure for the disease which only control the development of the disease in various ways including proteasome inhibitors and immune regulator and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation . Combined with the advantages of multiple therapies, chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T) have gradually becoming one of the strongest and most powerful weapons against multiple myeloma.The basic principle is to use the patient's own immune cells to clear cancer cells.~MM is genetically and phenotypically heterogeneous,Antigen escape and relapse after CAR-T treatment is a global problem， so the effective treatment of refractory/relapsing multiple myeloma with CAR-T cells usually requires targeting multiple antigens. The investigators use Integrin β7(a large family of molecules that are central regulators in multicellular biology and orchestrating cell-cell and cell-extracellular matrix (ECM) adhesive interactions from embryonic development to mature tissue function), BCMA(highly expressed on malignant MM plasma cells and providing a substantial antiapoptotic signal making it an encouraging target for BCMA-directed immunotherapy),CS1(encoded by the SLAMF7 gene,a robust marker of normal plasma cells and malignant plasma),CD38(encoded by the CD38 gene and functioning in cell adhesion, signal transduction and calcium signaling) and CD138(known as syndecan 1, a surface protein expressed on most healthy and malignant plasma cells as an adhesion protein, binding collagen and fibronectin molecules located in the extracellular matrix. ) as the Single or Compound Targets for the Fourth Genenation of CAR-T Cells ,thereby effectively treating refractory/recurrent multiple myeloma ."
22214970|NCT00840853|"The donor gave us blood to make CD19 chimeric receptor trivirus specific T cells in the laboratory. These cells were grown and frozen for the subject. To make these special T cells they are grown with stimulator cells. Stimulator cells are also made from the donor's blood but they are irradiated so that they can no longer grow. Stimulator cells have been infected with viruses so that they carry proteins from 3 viruses (CMV, adenovirus, and EBV). These cells are cultured with the T cells so that they can learn to see and attack cells infected with CMV, EBV and adenovirus.~To get the CD19 antibody to attach to the surface of the T cell, an antibody gene was inserted into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps to find the T cells in the blood after injected. Once sufficient numbers of T cells are made, the investigators freeze the cells and test them to make sure they kill CD19+ tumors cells and cells infected with CMV, EBV and adenovirus. Once testing is completed the cells will be ready to give to the subject.~When the subject enrolls on this study, they will be assigned a dose of CD19 chimeric receptor trivirus specific T cells. The subject will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV line at the assigned dose. The injection will take about 20 minutes. Investigators will monitor the subject in the clinic after the injection for up to 3 hours. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or The Methodist Hospital.~To learn more about the way the CD19 chimeric receptor trivirus specific T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. The total blood drawn during this study will not exceed 300 tsp.~For subjects receiving the CTLs for treatment of their disease: If the subject has stable disease (the tumor did not grow) or there is a reduction in the size of the tumor on imaging studies or by blood count after the T-cell infusion, the subject can receive up to six additional doses of the T cells if they wish. After each T-cell infusion, the subject will be monitored.~Because the subject will have received cells with a new gene in them the subject will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer."
22096349|NCT04916860|"This study is an open, prospective, dose-increasing clinical study with patients with relapsed or refractory CD7+ T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia or T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma as subjects. In order to evaluate the safety and efficacy of SENL-T7 in patients with CD7+ T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia or T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma, the PK/PD indicators of SENL-T7 are also collected. In this study, no dose grouping is set, and 0.5-2E6 /kg× actual body weight dose is selected for reinfusion according to patients' disease diagnosis and tumor load.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of SENL-T7 in patients with relapsed or refractory CD7+ T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia or T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma.~The Secondary research objectives:~To investigate the cellular dynamics of SENL-T7 CAR T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory CD7+ T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia or T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma."
22096659|NCT04943016|"The overall goal of this study is to validate the safety profile of administration CD19 CAR T cells and describe the toxicities in children and adults with relapsed/ refractory B cell malignancies. The dose is escalated in standard 3 +3 design with a starting dose of~1x106 cell/kilogram and maximum treatment dose of 5 x 106 cell/kilogram. The minimum number of 9 subjects would occur if no dose-limiting toxicities are observed in the 3 dose escalation cohorts. The maximum sample size of 18 subjects would be enrolled in 3 dose escalation cohorts (six in each cohort) for meeting dose-limiting toxicities request. In addition, we hypothesize that we will be able to successfully manufacture CAR T cells to meet the established release criteria at a minimum target dose of 1 X 106 +-30% cells/kilogram in this patient population using the Miltenyi CliniMACS Prodigy® closed transduction system."
22152804|NCT05137275|"Part A is a dose escalation study to evaluate maximum toxic dose (MTD) and/or recommended phase II dose (RP2D) which adopts the 3+3 dose escalation design protocol. The dose is respectively 3.0×10^9 live cells, 6.0×10^9 live cells and 9.0×10^9 live cells (if the safety of dose group with 9.0×10^9 live cells is still good, the Safety Monitoring Committee (SMC) will co-decide whether to continue the dose escalation and the specific dose based on the obtained data on safety, efficacy, and PK). The 3.0×10^9 live cell dose group is given on days 1 and 3 of each cycle (21 days), and the follow-up dose group is given on days 1 and 8 of each cycle (21 days).3-6 subjects will be enrolled at every dose level. The first and second subjects in the same group shall be enrolled at an interval of at least 7 days, for the purpose of ensuring their safety. Only when the dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) of all subjects in the previous dose group was observed can the enrollment of the next dose group get started.~Part B is the dose extension study. After recommended phase II dose (RP2D) is determined in Part A, the SMC will discuss whether to conduct the Part B study. This stage will be carried out in different tumor types with high expression of 5T4 antigen, and 6 to 10 subjects will be enrolled in each tumor type, and all subjects will receive anti-5T4 CAR-raNK cell therapy at RP2D level. Every 21 days is one cycle, and the administration is performed on day 1 and day 8 of each cycle."
22096863|NCT02744287|"The goal of this study is to characterize the feasibility, safety, and clinical activity of PSCA-specific CAR-T cells, BPX-601, administered with rimiducid to subjects with previously treated, PSCA-positive advanced solid tumors (prostate). BPX-601 CAR-T cells are genetically engineered to express a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) to target the PSCA antigen and a rimiducid-inducible signaling domain which functions as a molecular go-switch to enhance activation and proliferation.~Phase 1: Cell dose escalation to identify the maximum dose of BPX-601 administered with single or repeat doses of rimiducid.~Phase 2: Indication-specific dose expansion to assess the safety, pharmacodynamics (including BPX-601 persistence), and clinical activity at the recommended dose identified in Phase 1 in various PSCA-expressing solid tumors."
22096883|NCT04037241|"The study consists of 5 periods: Screening/Leukapheresis Period, Bridging Therapy Period, Randomization Period, Treatment Period, and Observation Period (which will be the long-term follow-up period to monitor for overall survival and long-term safety).~Patients in this trial with CEA-expressing pancreatic adenocarcinoma with liver metastases must have developed disease progression after first-line treatment with FOLFIRINOX (irinotecan, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin) or gemcitabine-based chemotherapy. Patients will be randomized to either the anti-CEA CAR-T Cells + systemic chemotherapy treatment arms, or the chemotherapy alone treatment arms.~If the patients achieve at least stable disease during the Bridging Therapy Period, they will be in the Second-Line Group of Treatment Arms. Patients who develop disease progression during the Bridging Period will be in the Third-Line Group of Treatment Arms.~Patients in the Second-Line or Third-Line treatment arms who are randomized to the treatment arms of Anti-CEA CAR-T cells plus systemic chemotherapy will receive hepatic infusions of Anti-CEA CAR-T cells in Cycles 1 and 3 (ie, each 42-day cycle is 3 weekly doses of Anti-CEA CAR-T cells administered as hepatic arterial infusions using a PEDD device with low dose systemic IL-2 support), alternating with the systemic chemotherapy regimen they received during the Bridging Therapy Period in Cycle 2 and Cycles >= 4. Systemic chemotherapy will be administered in 28-day cycles until the development of disease progression.~Patients in the Second-Line or Third-Line treatment arms who are randomized to the treatment arms chemotherapy alone arms will continue to receive the same systemic chemotherapy that they received during the Bridging Therapy Period. Systemic chemotherapy will be administered in 28-day or 21-day cycles (depending on the type of systemic chemotherapy regimen the patient will receive) until the development of disease progression."
22349562|NCT04888442|This is a single-center, single-arm, open-label study. The study plans to set up 3 dose groups, adopting a dose-escalating 3+3 design, and plan to recruit about 9-18 adults with relapsed or refractory B-ALL.pCAR-19B will be infused to the subject by intravenous infusion.
22097626|NCT05366179|"This is a phase 1, single center, open-label study aims to determine the safety of escalating doses of chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T) cells targeting the B7-H3 antigen administered via intraventricular infusion to adult subjects with relapsed or refractory glioblastoma (GBM).~Subjects with GBM who meet procurement eligibility criteria will have cells collected following their initial surgical resection to manufacture CAR.B7-H3T cells, preferably prior to initiation of adjuvant chemoradiation.~At the time that the subjects have confirmed refractory or recurrent GBM, CAR.B7-H3T cells will be manufactured for subjects who likely to be eligible for cell infusion.~Eligible subjects will receive up to 3 weekly infusions of CAR.B7-H3 cells. To receive the additional cycles of CAR.B7-H3 cells, all treatment-related toxicities must have resolved to grade < 3, the subject must not have experienced a dose limiting toxicity (DLT) and the subject must not have progressive disease that has been confirmed by magnetic resonance imaging per Immunotherapy response assessment in neuro-oncology criteria.~The data from the dose escalation will be used to determine a recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D), which will be decided on based on the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and additional factors such as the feasibility of administering infusions."
22097702|NCT04995003|"Patients will first be asked to give blood to make the HER2 CAR T cells. These cells are grown and frozen for the patient. To get the HER2 antibody (and the CD28zeta) to attach to the surface of the T-cell, investigators insert the antibody gene into the T-cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps the investigators find the T cells in the patient's blood after they are injected. Because the patients in this study receive cells with a new gene in them, they will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long-term side effects of gene transfer.~Patients will receive cyclophosphamide for 2 days followed by fludarabine for 5 days before receiving the HER2 CAR T cells. These chemotherapies may be given in the clinic or hospital.~The fludarabine, cyclophosphamide, and HER2 CAR T cells will be given intravenously (through a needle inserted into a vein or port-a-cath or another type of central venous line).~Before the patient receives the injection of HER2 CAR T cells, they may be given a dose of Benadryl (Diphenhydramine) and Tylenol (Acetaminophen). The injection of T cells will take between 1 and 10 minutes. Patients will be monitored in the clinic or hospital after the injection for up to 4 hours. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital. Patients will be follow ed in the clinic after the T-cell injection and also by disease evaluations from their primary doctor.~One week after the patient receives the HER2 CAR T cells,they will begin receiving an immune checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab every three weeks or nivolumab every two weeks . If the patient experiences any immune side effects from treatment with the HER2 CAR T cells, treatment with pembrolizumab (or nivolumab) will be delayed until they have recovered from those side effects. Pembrolizumab (or nivolumab) is given intravenously and at Texas Children's Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment~Before being treated, patients will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam~Blood tests to measure blood cells, inflammation, kidney and liver function~Heart function test (Echocardiogram)~Measurements of the tumor by imaging studies that were used before to follow the tumor such as Computer Tomogram (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), or Positron Emission Tomography (PET/CT).~If the tumor has spread to the patient's bone marrow, bone marrow aspiration and biopsy may also be used to measure the tumor in addition.~Chest X-Ray to assess the lungs~Medical tests during and after treatment~Patients will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and after:~Physical exams~Blood tests to measure blood cells, inflammation, kidney, and liver function~Heart function test (Echocardiogram) at 6 weeks after the infusion~Measurements of the tumor by imaging studies 6 weeks after the infusion~If the tumor was previously detected in the bone marrow, bone marrow studies (bone marrow aspiration and biopsy) will be performed 6 weeks after the infusion to follow the tumor.~To learn more about the way the HER2 CAR T cells are working and how long they last in the body, an extra amount of blood, based on the patient's weight, up to a maximum of 60 ml (12 teaspoons) of blood will be taken on the day of the T-cell infusion, before and at the end of the T-cell infusion, 1, 2, 4 and 6 weeks after the T-cell infusion and every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years. One additional blood sample might be drawn 3 to 4 days after the T-cell infusion; this is optional. If the patient develops fever or other inflammation following CAR T cell injection, additional blood samples may be collected daily until the inflammation has resolved. For children, the total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 ml (less than 1 teaspoon) per 1 kg of body weight on any one day. This volume is considered safe but may be decreased if the patient is anemic.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the patient's blood at a certain amount an extra 5 ml of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~To perform the bacteria studies on the patient's stool, the patient with provide a stool sample during chemotherapy, after HER2 CAR T cell infusion, and after starting pembrolizumab (or nivolumab) treatment, and at optional additional timepoints for up to 6 months after treatment stops.~If the patient received the prescribed treatment (lymphodepletion chemotherapy, HER2 CAR T cells, and two doses of pembrolizumab or nivolumab) and tolerated the treatment well, they can receive additional doses of the T cells at 6 to 12 weeks intervals and continue on treatment with pembrolizumab or nivolumab if they wish for up to 12 weeks after the last T cell infusion. After each T-cell infusion, the patient will be monitored as described above.~If the patient has a tumor biopsy performed any time while they are on study, a sample of this will be used for research purposes (if a sample can be obtained).~If the patient develops a second abnormal growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested (if a sample can be obtained).~Patients will receive supportive care for acute or chronic toxicity, including blood components or antibiotics, and other intervention as appropriate."
22097707|NCT04977024|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. Evaluate the biological activity and the role of timing of 2 injections of COH04S1 vaccine administered at 2.5x10e8 PFU/dose compared to EUA vaccine.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Assess safety of COH04S1 vaccine. II. Evaluation of SARS-CoV-2 S and N-specific Th1 vs Th2 polarization. III. Evaluate T-cell levels and function. IV. Evaluate activated/cycling and memory phenotype markers. V. Evaluate durability of immune responses. VI. Evaluate maintenance of immunity that can be associated with protection over the study period.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVE:~I. Surveillance for incidental COVID-19 infection during follow-up (1 year).~OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.~ARM I : Patients receive one dose of COH04S1 intramuscularly (IM) in the upper arm on days 0 and 28.~ARM II : Patients receive one dose of EUA SARS-CoV-2 vaccine IM in the upper arm on days 0 and 28.~After the completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at days 7, 90, 120, 180, and 365."
22097871|NCT03721068|"In previous studies, it has been shown that when T cells have part of an antibody attached to them, they are better at recognizing and killing cancer cells. The antibody that will be used in this study is called anti-GD2. This antibody floats around in the blood and can detect and stick to cancer cells called neuroblastoma cells because they have a substance on the outside of the cells called GD2. For this study, the anti-GD2 antibody has been changed so that instead of floating freely in the blood, it is now joined to the T cells. However, it is unknown how long the iC9.GD2.CAR.IL-15 T cells last in the body, so their chances of fighting cancer cells are not well known.~To improve the tumor-fighting power of GD2-CAR-T cells, two additional components were added to these cells. The IL-15 gene was added so that the GD2-CAR-T cells can attack tumor cells more effectively. Interleukin-15 (IL-15) is a chemical that cells use to communicate with one another. Other research using IL-15 in combination with CAR-T cells has shown there is an increase in the body's ability to allow the CAR-T cells to survive and grow in the body. The iC9 gene was added as an off switch so it can stop the activity of the GD2-CAR-T cells if there are any serious bad side effects. Bad side effects seen previously in patients receiving the GD2 antibody alone include pain. In this study, the stop switch can be used to turn off the GD2-CAR-T cells if you experience intense pain that does not respond to normal pain treatments.~The study will enroll a minimum of 10 adult subjects and 10 pediatric subjects; all subjects will undergo lymphodepletion chemotherapy prior to the cell infusion as outlined in the protocol."
22097876|NCT03672318|"Cell Procurement Up to 300 mL total of peripheral blood (up to 3 collections) will be obtained from subjects for cell procurement. In subjects with a low CD3 count in the peripheral blood (less than 200/μl by flow cytometry), a leukopheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient T-cells. The parameters for pheresis will be 2 blood volumes.~CAR138 T-cell Administration Autologous CAR138 T-cells will be administered 2-14 days following lymphodepletion. The lymphodepletion regimen will consist of Cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m^2 and Fludarabine 30 mg/m^2 IV each given daily over 3 consecutive days.~Duration of Therapy Autologous CAR138 T-cells will be administered 2-14 days following lymphodepletion with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine by a licensed provider (oncology registered nurse or physician) via intravenous injection over 5-10 minutes through either a peripheral or central line. The expected volume is 1-50cc.~Treatment with one infusion will be administered unless:~The subject decides to withdraw from the study, OR~General or specific changes in the subject's condition render the subject unacceptable for further treatment in the judgment of the investigator.~Duration of Follow-up Subjects will be followed for up to 15 years for replication-competent retrovirus evaluation or until death, whichever occurs first. Subjects removed from study for unacceptable adverse events will continue follow up for evaluation of progression free survival, overall survival and replication-competent retrovirus monitoring.~Subjects who experience disease progression after receiving a cell infusion will still be required to complete abbreviated follow up procedures.~Arms and Interventional ArmTitle : CAR138 T cells Description: The first 3 subjects enrolled in the study will receive 5x10^6 CAR138 T-cells/m^2 via infusion. The number of cells for the infusion will be increased to 1x10^7 CAR138 T-cells/m^2 and then, 2.5x10^7 CAR138 T-cells/m^2, 5x10^7 CAR138 T-cells/m^2, 1x10^8 CAR138 T-cells/m^2 and 2x10^8 CAR138 T-cells/m^2 in subsequent cohorts of 3 subjects provided no dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) are observed within 4 weeks of the cell infusion. Cohort enrollment will be staggered, requiring each subject to complete at least 2 weeks of safety monitoring following CAR138 T-cell infusion at the designated dose level for the cohort before another subject is allowed to enroll in the cohort."
22097915|NCT03016377|"LCCC1541-ATL is a Phase I/Phase II dose finding trial to determine if chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cells targeting the CD19 antigen and containing the inducible caspase 9 safety switch can be safely administered to adult and pediatric subjects with relapsed or refractory CD19+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).~OUTLINE~Cell Procurement~Peripheral blood, up to 300 mL total (in up to 3 collections) will be obtained from subjects for cell procurement. In subjects with inadequate lymphocyte count in the peripheral blood, a leukopheresis may be performed to isolate sufficient T cells. The parameters for apheresis will be up to 2 blood volumes.~Lymphodepleting Regimen~Subjects will receive a lymphodepleting regimen of fludarabine 25 mg/m2/day administered IV over 30 min for three consecutive days and a single IV dose of cyclophosphamide 900 mg/m2 administered over 1 hour on the fourth day. If iC9-CAR19 T cell infusion is delayed for >4 weeks, lymphodepletion may be repeated prior to iC9-CAR19 T cell infusion.~Administration of iC9-CAR19 T Cells~Post lymphodepletion, subjects who meet eligibility criteria for cellular therapy will receive iC9-CAR19 T cells within 2-14 days after completing the pre-conditioning chemotherapy regimen. We will administer iC9-CAR19 post lymphodepletion at dose levels specified. A phase I trial performed by Lee et al established that 1×106 CAR19+ T cells/kg was safe and associated with significant in vivo expansion and we anticipate similar results with iC9-CAR19+ T cells.~Second Cell Infusion Requirements:~Subjects will be offered a second infusion based on B-cell recovery and MRD status >4 weeks after the initial infusion if cells are available or if the subject has sufficient stored peripheral blood to manufacture additional iC9-CAR19 T cells.~Duration of Therapy~Therapy in LCCC1541-ATL involves 1 infusion of iC9-CAR19 cells. Treatment with one infusion will be administered unless:~Subject decides to withdraw from study treatment, or~General or specific changes in the subject's condition render the subject unacceptable for further treatment in the judgment of the investigator.~A second infusion with prior lymphodepletion will be given to subjects enrolled in the expansion cohort and to subjects enrolled in the dose escalation cohort once the RP2D is reached if they meet the eligibility requirements for lymphodepletion and infusion. Specifically, only subjects with the following characteristics will be offered a second infusion:~B-cell recovery (defined as absolute CD19+ cell count >50/μL in the blood or bone marrow within 6 months of initial infusion AND/OR~MRD positive (defined as ≥0.01% as assessed by multi-parameter flow cytometry) with CD19+ expression at any time after the initial infusion.~*Note that subjects who receive dose level 1 in the dose escalation will receive the RP2D for their second infusion, if applicable.~Duration of Follow-up~Subjects will be followed for up to 15 years after the final iC9-CAR19 T-cell infusion for RCR evaluation or until death, whichever occurs first. Subjects removed from study for unacceptable adverse events will be followed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse event.~Subjects who receive new therapy (such as hematopoietic stem cell transplant) after a cell product administration will still be required to complete abbreviated follow up procedures."
22098112|NCT03050190|"Background:~T cells modified with lentiviral chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) gene have been studied in different clinical settings. Recent successes suggest that increased costimulatory signaling in the CAR design is critical for long term efficacy. Activation of T cell response from large tumor burden may induce a severe response. To increase safety, a novel design using an inducible caspase 9 fusion gene has been incorporated in the CAR gene. A 4th generation CAR lentiviral vector (4SCAR) carrying T cell costimulatory signals for CD28/CD27 plus an inducible apoptotic caspase 9 gene has been established. The study aims to evaluate the activities of a new CAR gene-modified T cells targeting CD19-positive tumors based on a CD19-specific single chain gene constructed 4SCAR (4SCAR19).~Objective:~To evaluate safety and efficacy of administrating 4SCAR19 T cells to patients with CD19 positive B cell malignancies following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine based conditioning regimen.~Eligibility:~Patients older than 6-month-old with CD19 positive B cells malignancies that have recurred after or refractory to standard therapy and is deemed incurable using standard treatment.~Design:~Participants will be screened based on cancer cell phenotype analyzed using flow cytometry or immunohistochemical staining methods.~Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) will be obtained through apheresis, and T cells will be activated and modified to express the 4SCAR19 gene.~On Day -5 to -7, PBMC will be activated and enriched for T cells, which will be followed by 4SCAR19 lentiviral transduction. The total cell preparation time is approximately 5-7 days.~Participants will receive a preparative conditioning regimen comprising cyclophosphamide/fludarabine to prepare their immune system to accommodate the modified CAR T cells. The preparative regimen will be based on patient immune condition and consistent with standard chemotherapy conditioning regimen.~Participants will receive an infusion of the modified 4SCAR19 T cells and closely followed up for treatment-related responses.~Participants will be continuously monitored for CAR T cells and clinical responses at present timeline."
22098419|NCT04884984|The patients will receive infusion of anti-CLL1 CAR T-cells to confirm the safety and efficacy of anti-CLL1 CAR T-cells in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia.
22216050|NCT02862028|A total of 20 patients may be enrolled over a period of 1-2 years.
22098561|NCT04863066|This study is a prospective, single-center, single-arm, open-label and phase I clinical trial. Subjects with CD4+T cell counts greater than 350/μl and viral loads of <50 copies/ml over 1 year by antiviral treatment are enrolled. T cells are stimulated with CD3 and CD28, transduced with lentiviral vectors encoding a broadly neutralizing HIV-1 scFv antibody and expanded for approximately 2 weeks. Then, patients are infused with CAR T cells at a dosage of 1×10^5 CAR-T cells/kg body weight. If this dose is well tolerated, dosing will be increased to 5×10^5 CAR T cells/kg body weight. After infusion, adverse events, and HIV-1 latent reservoir size and CAR levels in peripheral blood will be monitored to assess the safety of CAR-T-cell treatment, potential therapeutic efficacy and kinetics of CAR T cells.
22154091|NCT04359784|"OUTLINE:~Patients receive anakinra subcutaneously (SC) daily on days 0-13 and lisocabtagene maraleucel via infusion on day 0.~After completion of lisocabtagene maraleucel infusion, patients are followed up periodically for up to 90 days."
22216287|NCT05654077|"The investigators designed a single-arm, open-label, 3+3 dose-escalation exploratory study. According to the subject and dose escalation test, the maximum dose or the best effective dose was determined to verify the safe and effective number of cells per body weight. A 3+3 dose escalation design was used to set three dose groups of gradually increasing CAR-T cells for therapeutic evaluation. The dose groups were 3.0×10^6cells/kg, 9.0×10^6cells/kg and 1.5×10^7cells/kg, respectively. Cell reinfusion will take place on day 0 (d0) and each subject will be observed for at least 4 weeks after receiving cell reinfusion (DLT observation period)."
22154306|NCT03373097|"The study will consist of 2 phases, a Phase I or dose escalation phase and a Phase II or expansion phase. Paediatric or young adult patients with relapsed High Risk and/or relapsed/refractory Neuroblastoma will be enrolled in the study.~After completion of the phase I portion of the study, a small cohort of patients with GD2-positive tumors other than Neuroblastoma has also been included.~Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis in order to harvest T cells, which will be manufactured to obtain the autologous CAR T product GD2-CART01, a GD2-targeting CAR T product. Briefly, the patients will be treated with a lymphodepleting regimen containing conventional chemotherapic agents and subsequently will receive a single infusion of GD2-CART01. Moreover, the product contains a suicide gene safety switch (namely inducible Caspase 9): in case of relevant toxicities, the patient will receive the dimerizing agent in order to activate the apoptotic pathway in the infused T cells.~After infusion of CAR T cells, the patients will enter a 5-year active follow-up period."
22154344|NCT05437341|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent cancer have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy; therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigators attempt to use T cells genetically modified to express a 4th generation lentiviral anti-PSMA/CD70 bi-specific chimeric antigen receptor (bi-4SCAR-PSMA/CD70). The chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, CD70 or PSMA, which is expressed at high levels on tumor cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~CD70 is a promising therapeutic target due to its restricted expression in normal tissues and overexpression in malignant tissues. Expression of CD70 was observed on multiple tumor types including kidney, breast, esophageal, liver, colon cancer, glioma, lymphoma as well as melanoma. In addition, it has been reported that anti-CD70 CAR T-cell therapy eliminated primary CD70-positive cells and had strong anti-tumor effects in preclinical animal models. The CD70 targeted CAR-T cells with binding moiety of CD70 specific scFv exhibit a higher affinity and antitumor effect against CD70+ tumor cells.~Prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) is expressed in normal prostate and upregulated in prostate tumor. However, PSMA is not restricted to prostate cancer and it is known that PSMA is enriched in the tumor stromal environment. Based on immunostaining, it is confirmed that PSMA is expressed in a variety of solid tumors, including brain tumor, neuroblastoma and some lymphomas. Therefore, PSMA is a promising target for immunotherapy of many types of cancer.~A potential strategy to prevent relapse due to antigen escape is to infuse T-cells capable of recognizing multiple antigens. To overcome tumor escape of single target antigen and enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific PSMA/CD70 CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in CD70 and/or PSMA positive cancer patients."
22154345|NCT05437328|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent malignancies have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy; therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigators attempt to use T cells genetically modified to express a 4th generation lentiviral GD2/CD56 bi-specific chimeric antigen receptor (bi-4SCAR-GD2/CD56). The chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, GD2 or CD56, which is expressed at high levels on tumor cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~Disialoganglioside (GD2) is a well-studied tumor associated antigen which is expressed uniformly in nervous system-related tumors but at low levels in normal tissues. Over the past few years, CAR-T therapy against GD2 in tumor has achieved encouraging but modest outcomes. Only a fraction of patients achieved measurable responses. In solid tumors, GD2 CAR-T therapy alone may not be as effective as CAR-T cell therapy in hematological malignancies.~Similar to GD2, the CD56 antigen (NCAM-1) is highly expressed on malignancies with neuronal or neuroendocrine differentiation, including small-cell lung cancer, glioblastoma and neuroblastoma, tumor types for which new therapeutic options are needed. CD56-CAR-T cell therapy has potential for treating patients with aggressive malignancies that are nonresponsive to conventional radiotherapy and chemotherapy, or are unsuitable for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.~To overcome tumor escape of single target antigen and enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific GD2/CD56 CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in GD2 and/or CD56 positive cancer patients."
22154346|NCT05437315|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent solid tumors have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy; therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigators are attempting to use T cells obtained directly from the patient, which can be genetically modified to express a 4th generation anti-GD2/PSMA bi-specific chimeric antigen receptor (bi-4SCAR-GD2/PSMA). The chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, GD2 or PSMA, which is expressed at high levels on tumor cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~Disialoganglioside (GD2) is a well-studied tumor associated antigen which is expressed uniformly in nervous system-related tumors but at low levels in normal tissues. Over the past few years, CAR-T therapy against GD2 in tumor has achieved encouraging but modest outcomes. Only a fraction of patients achieved measurable responses. In solid tumors, GD2 CAR-T therapy alone may not as effective as CAR-T cell therapy in hematological malignancies.~Prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) is expressed in normal prostate and upregulated in prostate tumor. Therefore, PSMA is a promising target for immunotherapy of prostate cancer. However, PSMA is not restricted to prostate cancer and it is known that PSMA is enriched in the tumor stromal environment. Based on immunostaining, it is confirmed that PSMA is expressed in a variety of solid tumors, including brain tumor, neuroblastoma and some lymphomas.~To overcome tumor escape of single target antigen and enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific GD2/PSMA CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in GD2 and/or PSMA positive cancer patients."
22154361|NCT05436509|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent B cell malignancies have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy. Despite impressive progress, more than 50% of patients treated with CD19-targeting chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR19) experience progressive disease. Further, more than 40% patients with progressive large B cell lymphoma (LBCL) experienced reduced or lost expression of CD19 on the tumor cells after CAR19 treatment; low surface CD19 density before treatment was associated with progressive disease. Therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigation attempts to use genetically modified T cells to express a 4th generation lentiviral anti-CD19/79b bi-specific CAR (bi-4SCAR-CD19/79b). The CAR molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, CD19 or CD79b, which is expressed at high levels on tumor cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~CD79b is a B cell surface antigen, which is a component of B cell receptor. CD79b is up-regulated in more than 90% of B-cell lymphomas. Recent studies have shown that CD79b CAR-T cells have potential in targeting B-cell lymphomas. In addition, several immunotherapy drugs based on targeting CD79b have been reported worldwide. The CD79b specific CAR-T cells with binding moiety of CD79b specific scFv exhibited a high affinity and antitumor effect against CD79b+ tumor cells.~A potential strategy to prevent relapse due to antigen escape is to infuse T-cells capable of recognizing multiple antigens. To overcome tumor escape of single target antigen and enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific CD19/79b CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory B cell cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in CD19 and/or CD79b positive cancer patients."
22154362|NCT05436496|"Patients with refractory and/or recurrent B cell malignancies have poor prognosis despite complex multimodal therapy. Despite impressive progress, more than 50% of patients treated with CD19-targeting chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR19) experience progressive disease. Further, more than 40% patients with progressive large B cell lymphoma (LBCL) experienced reduced or lost expression of CD19 on the tumor cells after CAR19 treatment; low surface CD19 density before treatment was associated with progressive disease. Therefore, novel curative approaches are needed. The investigation attempts to use genetically modified T cells to express a 4th generation lentiviral anti-CD19/70 bi-specific CAR (bi-4SCAR-CD19/70). The CAR molecules enable the T cells to recognize and kill tumor cells through the recognition of a surface antigen, CD19 or CD70, which is expressed at high levels on tumor cells but not at significant levels on normal tissues.~CD70 is highly expressed in many cancers, but limited in normal tissues, it is a potential CAR-T therapeutic target. Expression of CD70 was observed on multiple tumor types including solid tumor as well as B cell malignancies. In addition, it has been reported that anti-CD70 CAR T-cells can eliminate CD70-positive cells and exhibit strong anti-tumor effects in preclinical animal models. The CD70 targeted CAR-T cells with binding moiety of CD70 specific scFv exhibited a higher affinity and antitumor effect against CD70-positive tumor cells. A potential strategy to prevent relapse due to antigen escape is to infuse T-cells capable of recognizing multiple antigens.~To overcome tumor escape of single target antigen and enhance in vivo CAR-T efficacy, a novel bi-specific CD19/70 CAR-T therapy regimen is developed to include booster and consolidation CAR-T applications to target highly-refractory B cell cancer. The aim is to evaluate safety and long term efficacy of the bi-CAR-T therapy strategy in CD19 and/or CD70 positive cancer patients."
22099221|NCT04822974|Torque Teno Virus (TTV) is the prototype of the Anelloviridae family-single chain and circular viruses. These viruses form about 70% of the human virome. TTV prevalence in the general population is very high (>90%) and has not been consistently confirmed to cause any disease. Kidney transplant studies seem to indicate that an elevated viremia could predict the risk of de-veloping an infectious process (bacterial, viral or fungal) in the following weeks. A group of research analyzed the influence of TTV as a predictive marker of infection in 169 kidney transplant recipi-ents. Patients with infection showed higher TTV levels, even 3 months before the infectious process, allowing its authors to postulate that the quantification of TTV could help to modulate the treatment of patients at risk (reducing immunosuppression, introducing or prolonging antimi-crobial prophylaxis). Publications of subsequent studies with greater number of patients seem to confirm these data. Likewise, in the specific case of CMV infection, the quantification of TTV in the early stages of kidney or liver transplantation also allows identification of patients at risk of developing a CMV infection. In the field of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) few studies have analyzed the replication kinetics of TTV. There seems to be a drop in TTV plasma load after conditioning treatment, with a progressive increase in the first months post-transplant, in parallel with the number of lymphocytes. In early stages of HSCT, a relation-ship between TTV replication kinetics and the probability of developing an infection by CMV has also been described. Likewise, the possible relationship of TTV with other complications of HSCT, such as Epstein-Barr virus infection (EBV) or graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), have been reported. However, not every study conducted to date show this line of results. An other research analyzed 2054 blood samples from 123 patients undergoing HSCT, finding no significant differences between TTV and post-transplant complications, such as viral reactivations (CMV, EBV or adenovirus), acute GvHD, relapse or mortality
22216679|NCT02782351|CD19 has been extensively evaluated as a therapeutic target for recurrent or refractory B cell malignancy by chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy, the single chain antibody sequence (scFv) against CD19 derived from a mouse hybridoma was widely employed. However, the immunogenicity of the mouse scFv sequence might be one of the reasons that CAR-T cells cannot persist in vivo for long. In present study investigators replace the mouse-derived scFv with a a humanized one and evaluate its safety and efficacy.
22284341|NCT05359211|"OUTLINE:~Patients receive standard of care lymphodepletion therapy consisting of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -5 to -3 followed by liso-cel CAR-T cell infusion on day 0. Patients then receive NKTR-255 intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes every 3 weeks starting on day 10 or 14 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 30 days for 3 months, then every 3 months up to 12 months after the CAR-T cell infusion."
22216755|NCT04975555|Patients eligible to receive CAR T-cell therapy for FDA-approved indications in hematological malignancies will be enrolled in this study on the day of CAR T-cell infusion. Patients will be followed until they develop grade 1 or higher CRS and/or ICANS. On developing these syndromes, siltuximab will be administered with close monitoring and follow-up for resolution of symptoms. If symptoms continue to worsen, then an additional dose of siltuximab will be given. If the symptoms leading to CRS do not resolve, then rescue tocilizumab will be administered. The study's primary endpoint is to assess the response rate of siltuximab in the resolution of CRS within 14 days. The study's secondary endpoint is to assess the response rate of siltuximab in the resolution of ICANS, the safety of siltuximab, and the overall response rate of CAR T-cell therapy.
22216781|NCT04226989|This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. This study is indicated for relapsed or refractory CD19+ B-cell hematological malignancy: B-ALL and B-NHL, the selections of dose levels and the number of subjects are based on clinical trials of similar foreign products. 2 groups of patients will be enrolled, 36 in each group. Primary objective is to explore the safety, main consideration is dose-related safety.
22099392|NCT04780529|The primary objective of phase 1 is to evaluate the safety of CART regimens. The primary objective of phase 2 is to evaluate the efficacy of CART, as measured by objective response rate in subjects with colorectal cancer. Secondary objectives will include assessing the safety and tolerability of CART and additional efficacy endpoints.
22351051|NCT02706405|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the safety of JCAR014 in combination with durvalumab in adult patients with relapsed/refractory (R/R) B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).~II. To determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of durvalumab in combination with JCAR014.~III. To characterize the pharmacokinetic (PK) profile of JCAR014.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the antitumor activity of JCAR014 in combination with durvalumab in R/R B-cell NHL.~II. To estimate the duration of response (DOR), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS) in patients treated with JCAR014 in combination with durvalumab.~III. To characterize the PK profile of durvalumab. IV. To assess the immunogenicity of JCAR014 and durvalumab.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVE:~I. To assess the pharmacodynamic effects of JCAR014 and durvalumab in blood and within the tumor.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of durvalumab administered with a single fixed dose of JCAR014. Patients are assigned to 1 of 2 treatment arms, listed as Groups 1 and 2 below.~LYMPHODEPLETING CHEMOTHERAPY: All patients receive cyclophosphamide and fludarabine intravenously (IV) for 3 days starting approximately on day -5 or day -4.~GROUP I: Patients receive JCAR014 IV over 20-30 minutes on day 0 and durvalumab IV over 60 minutes on day 21 (may occur as early as day 7) and then every 4 weeks for up to 10 doses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~GROUP II: Patients receive durvalumab IV over 60 minutes on day -1, JCAR014 IV over 20-30 minutes on day 0, then up to 10 additional doses of durvalumab every 4 weeks in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 30 days for 30 months, every 3 months for 12 months, then periodically for at least 15 years."
22351114|NCT03179007|"This study will be conducted using a phase I/II trial design to assess the safety and efficacy of the CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies expressing MUC1-CAR-T for patients with MUC1 positive, advanced recurrent or refractory malignant solid tumors. MUC1-CAR-T can specificly and effectively kill the MUC1 positive cancer cells, CTLA4 and PD-1 antibodies are secreted from the CAR-T cells could improve immunosuppression microenvironment, new CAR-T cells contain the advantages of CAR-T and immune checkpoint inhibitor, which is a promising therapeutic method for advanced solid tumors.~The new CAR-T therapy is applied to clinical practice as bellow. T cells are prepared from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) by leukapheresis, and then activated and engineered to express CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies and chimeric antigen receptor targeting MUC1. Cells are proliferated in culture and returned to the patients by venous transfusion. A total of 40 patients may be enrolled in the study. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 24 months."
22351122|NCT02761915|"The purpose of this trial is to explore the safety and feasibility of deploying autologous anti-GD2 CAR T-cells for the immunotherapy of neuroblastoma. The CAR T-cell trials employing second generation receptors and lymphodepleting conditioning regimes have produced objective clinical responses in patients with relapsed leukaemias. The trial aims to evaluate similar CAR T-cells but directed against the antigen GD2. Neuroblastoma is well suited to this form of targeted therapy because of the homogeneous and almost universal expression of GD2 on the surface of neuroblastoma cells, and because of the poor prognosis of eligible patients.~1RG-CART will be administered intravenously. As the CAR T-cells are designed to survive and proliferate on encountering antigen, no direct relationship is anticipated between cell dose and either efficacy or toxicity. Rather, clinical benefit is more likely to be observed in those patients in whom in vivo expansion successfully occurs. A possible key determinant of expansion will be prior lymphodepletion of the patients. For this reason this trial is designed to evaluate a phased introduction of lymphodepletion in successive patient cohorts, rather than T-cell dose escalation. Only if there is insufficient expansion of T-cells following full lymphodepletion will the T-cell dose be escalated. Rituximab (MabThera®) will be used as a rescue medication only when necessary, and will be considered a non-investigational medicinal product (NIMP) in this trial."
22099594|NCT04796688|"Adoptive transfer of autologous anti-CD19 CAR-T cells can induce durable remissions in patients with relapsed/refractory hematologic malignancies, including CD19+ B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia(B-ALL), B-cell chronic lymphoblastic leukemia(B-CLL), and B-cell lymphoma.~However, multiple challenges exist for manufacturing CAR-T cells from patients with advanced disease including inability to manufacture a product, disease progression or death while waiting for the CAR-T product to be available, and heterogeneity among autologous CAR-T products that contributes to unpredictable and variable clinical activity.~Healthy donor T cells can provide a source for production of universal CAR-T cells when combined with gene editing to prevent expression of endogenous TCRs and avoid generation of GvHD in HLA mismatched recipients.~Cord blood derived T cells from healthy donor are the source for production of universal anti-CD19 CAR-modified AT19 cells. CRISPR/cas9 gene-editing technology has been used to knockout TCRs and HLA-I to avoid GvHD and transplant rejection.~AT19 cells have exhibited potent cytotoxicity in CD19+ tumor cells and can effectively eradicate CD19+ tumor cells in xenograft mice models, without showing GvHD.~This study aims to evaluate prelimary safety and efficacy of the universal AT19 cells in patients with relapsed/refractory B-ALL, B-CLL, and B-cell lymphoma."
22099729|NCT02247609|CD19 single chain antibody-based chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-engineered T cells have demonstrated great clinical potential in treating chronic and acute B cell leukemias. B cell lymphomas, similar to B cell leukemias, express CD19 surface molecules, and the majority of the B cell lymphoma patients cannot be cured by standard chemo-radiotherapy. CD19 CAR-based adoptive T cell therapy is associated with an unwanted adverse effect, the loss of CD19 B cells, which results in humoral immune deficiency. This study will evaluate a novel 4th generation CD19 CAR engineered with a self-withdrawal genetic mechanism (19273-4SCAR) for both efficacy and safety in lymphoma patients. The 4th generation design of the CAR incorporates the intracellular signaling domain of cluster of differentiation antigen 27 (CD27), known to be associated with T cell activation, survival and longevity. The inducible caspase 9 self-withdrawal design allows for rapid elimination of the infused CAR T cells upon complete eradication of the tumor cells, which will be followed by the recovery of humoral immunity. Patients receiving the 19273-4SCAR T cells will be closely monitored for infusion response, tumor eradication effect, longevity of the CAR T cells, and the recovery of B cell functions after withdrawal of the CAR T cells.
22099837|NCT05613348|CD19 CAR-T cells treating B-cell hematological malignancies have achieved unprecedented success. In this study, we investigated new third-generation autologous T cells (CAR19T2 T cells) genetically modified with humanized anti-CD19 construct incorporating CD28 and Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) costimulatory domains. CAR19T2 T cells will be modified before the infusion to those which could identify and kill the tumor cells (CD19+ cells). This study aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of humanized Anti-CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR19T2 T Cell) in children with refractory/relapsed B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma.
22100171|NCT01897415|"This phase I study is being conducted to establish safety and feasibility of intravenous (IV) RNA mesothelin re-directed autologous T cell administration in patients with chemotherapy-refractory metastatic pancreatic cancer.~Subjects will be enrolled serially. For subject safety, the preceding subject must have completed therapy and be 28 days from their last infusion before the next subject can be treated.. Subjects will be treated with IV administration of 1 to 3e8/m2 RNA CAR T cells three times weekly (M-W-F) for three weeks.~Main eligibility criteria: Subjects with metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) who have chemotherapy-refractory disease. Inclusion criteria include patients older than 18 years of age diagnosed with metastatic PDA with ECOG 0-1 performance status and 3 month expected survival. Exclusion criteria include a pericardial effusion, active autoimmune disease requiring immunosuppressive therapy, active anti-coagulation therapy, known HIV or HTLV I/II positivity, prior treatment with murine monoclonal antibodies or history of allergy to murine proteins."
22155623|NCT01735604|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD20 vector (referred to as CART-20 cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-20 cells. RT-PCR analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-20 TCR zeta:4-1BB over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to CART-20 cell infusions.~II. Estimate relative trafficking of CART-20 cells to tumor in bone marrow and lymph nodes.~III. For patients with stored or accessible tumor cells (such as patients with active CLL, ALL, etc) determine tumor cell killing by CART-20 cells in vitro.~IV. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD20, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-20 (loss of engraftment).~V. Determine the relative subsets of CART-20 T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg).~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned groups according to order of enrollment.~Patients receive anti-CD20-CAR lentivirus vector-transduced autologous T cells with 41BB-gamma vector for 3-5 days in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 3 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 13 years."
22284805|NCT03277729|"OUTLINE:~This is a phase I/II dose-escalation study of CD20-specific CAR T cell therapy.~Patients undergo leukapheresis and may receive treatment after if needed for disease control. Patients then receive cyclophosphamide intravenously (IV). Patients may also receive fludarabine IV. After 36-96 hours, patients receive CD20-specific CAR T cell infusion IV over 20-30 minutes.~Patients will be actively participating in the study for approximately 15 months. The total time includes the time for the T cells to be made, the T cell infusion, and for approximately 12 months after the T cell infusion is given. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for a minimum of 15 years."
22217472|NCT04860817|"Who can participate? Patients diagnosed with relapsed/refractory T cell leukaemia or lymphoma. Both genders, aged 2-25 years old.~What does the study involve? Enrolled participants are randomly chosen to receive one of three different dose levels of CAR-T cells.~Dose level one: 0.6×10^7 cells/kg;~Dose level two: 1×10^7 cells/kg;~Dose level three: 1.5×10^7 cells/kg. Before CAR-T infusion, all participants will receive a preconditioning therapy including several chemotherapy agents or other interventions that are required to help the effect of the CAR-T cells. After completion of preconditioning therapy, infusion of the CAR-T cells via a tube into the vein needs to start within 1 week. Participants will receive one infusion of CAR-T cells which will take between 15 and 30 mins. All participants will have a blood test before infusion and at 4, 7, 10 and 14 days following infusion to measure their response to the treatment and some further tests will be required in some participants.~What are the possible benefits and risks of participating? The universal CAR-T cells targeting CD7 may lead to durable disease control and long term survival. The main risks of participating include cytokine release syndrome (CRS) and Immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS).~Where is the study run from? Haematology department of 920th Hospital of Joint Logistics Support Force of People's Liberation Army of China (China)."
22100594|NCT05577000|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~To evaluate the safety of administering chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T cells targeting BCMA to participants with RRMM (Dose Escalation).~To determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) for anti-BCMA CAR-T cells (Dose Escalation).~Determine whether administering chimeric antigen receptor T cells targeting BCMA to participants with RRMM increases the overall response rate (ORR) in RRMM compared with historical data for non-CAR agents per International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG) response criteria (Dose Expansion).~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~Dose Expansion Only:~To describe the efficacy of CAR-T cells targeting BCMA in participants with RRMM.~To evaluate the feasibility of manufacturing anti-BCMA CAR-T cells locally and ability to produce adequate quantities of vector positive T-cells.~To evaluate the safety and toxicity of CAR-T cells targeting BCMA to participants with RRMM~OUTLINE:~Participants will be enrolled sequentially to each dose level dependent on analysis of dose-limiting toxicities at the previous dose level. A dose expansion will occur at the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). Participants will undergo apheresis with collection of autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells that will be used to generate CAR-T cells. After successful generation of the anti-BCMA CAR-T cells drug product (DP), participants will undergo lymphodepleting chemotherapy with fludarabine (and cyclophosphamide. Participants will undergo an additional evaluation of eligibility on Day -1 or 1 prior to infusion of anti-BCMA CAR-T cell product. A single infusion of anti-BCMA CAR-T cells at the starting dose will be given on Day 1. Following treatment with DP, participants will be followed up at 12 months and annually for up to 15 years."
22217903|NCT05323201|"Chimeric antigen-modified T cells are genetically modified T cells that use gene transduction technology to introduce CARs, containing tumor antigen-specific recognition single-chain antibodies and T cell activation motifs, into patient T cells, so that these transduction CAR-T cells can directly recognize the specific antigen on tumor cells, thereby killing tumor cells.~Previous studies have confirmed that B7H3 is highly expressed in hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines, which is negatively correlated with the ten-year survival of patients. It is suggested that B7H3 is a specific therapeutic target for liver cancer.~The purpose of this study is to test the safety and efficacy of a newly developed fully human scFv-armed B7H3 targeting chimeric antigen receptor T cells (fhB7H3.CAR-Ts), which are supposed to attack and eliminate B7H3-positive cancer cells.~The investigators designed a single-arm open-label clinical study, the participants' peripheral blood mononuclear cells will be collected and used to manufacture fhB7H3.CAR-Ts. Before infusion, the patients will receive lymphodepletion chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine for three consecutive days. Two days later after lymphodepletion, the fhB7H3.CAR-Ts would be given through transhepatic arterial infusion. From the day of infusion, participants' peripheral blood will be collected twice a week in the first month to monitor the survival of fhB7H3.CAR-Ts and evaluate the therapeutic efficacy. Additional follow-up and examination will be performed monthly for the first three month and then trimonthly until two year. Thereafter, annual follow-up will be completed for 5 years.~This is an investigator-initiated clinical study to assess clinical performance of novel fhB7H3.CAR-Ts which may help other advanced and recurrent liver cancer patients in the future."
22351918|NCT05626322|"This is a multicenter, open-label, Phase 1b/2 study to evaluate the safety, tolerability and potential clinical benefits of maplirpacept (PF-07901801), an anti-CD47 molecule, in combination with standard doses of tafasitamab and lenalidomide in participants with relapsed/refractory (R/R) DLBCL not eligible for or unwilling to undergo high dose chemotherapy and subsequent autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) or unable to receive approved chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy (for example, due to logistical limitations).~For Phase 1b, participants must have previously received at least 1 prior systemic treatment regimen. For Phase 2, participants must have received at least 1 but no more than 2 prior systemic treatment regimens. All participants must have previously received an anti-CD20 containing regimen.~Phase 1b will assess dose-limiting toxicities of maplirpacept (PF-07901801) when administered in combination with tafasitamab and lenalidomide, to select up to 2 doses for the Phase 2 part of the study. Phase 2 will evaluate safety and efficacy to determine the recommended Phase 3 dose of Maplirpacept (PF-07901801) to be administered in combination with tafasitamab and lenalidomide."
22285067|NCT05352828|Upon successful leukapheresis to produce CD30.CAR-T cells, patients will enter the treatment phase of the study. Treatments will include 4 cycles of nivolumab and CD30.CAR-T infusion (preceded by lymphodepletion chemotherapy). Patients will then enter the post-treatment follow-up phase of the study, whereby patients will undergo either autologous stem cell transplant or continue to receive up to 6 additional treatment cycles of nivolumab. Patients will be followed for response assessments and safety monitoring until end of study (EOS); approximately 3 years after leukapheresis. Long-term follow-up will continue with additional safety monitoring and survival for up to 15 years after Leukapheresis.
22351949|NCT05396885|"This is a Phase II open-label study of CART-ddBCMA* in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (MM). The study will have the following sequential phases: screening, enrollment, pre-treatment with lymphodepleting chemotherapy, treatment with CART-ddBCMA, and follow-up. If necessary, bridging therapy is allowed to control growth of MM disease while CART-ddBCMA is being manufactured.~Following a single infusion of CART-ddBCMA both safety and efficacy data will be assessed. Efficacy will be assessed monthly for the first 6 months, then quarterly up to 2 years, or upon patient relapse. The primary analysis will be conducted approximately 13 months after the final patient is dosed. This will allow approximately 12 months follow up from the time of the last observed response on study.~Long-term safety data will be collected under a separate long-term follow up study for up to 15 years per health authority guidelines.~*CART-ddBCMA drug product consists of autologous T cells that have been genetically modified ex vivo to express a D-domain Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR), followed by a cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8) hinge and transmembrane region that is fused to the intracellular signaling domains for 4-1BB and CD3ξ, that specifically recognizes B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA). The active substance of CART-ddBCMA is CAR+ CD3+ T cells that have undergone ex vivo T-cell activation, gene transfer by replication-deficient lentiviral vector, and expansion."
22285114|NCT04817774|"This is a multicentre, first-in-human, open-label, single ascending dose, dose-ranging study of autologous, chimeric antigen receptor T regulatory cells (CAR-Treg) in HLA-A2 mismatched living donor kidney transplant recipients, with a control cohort of mismatched kidney transplant recipients of similar immunological risk.The aim is for the CAR-Tregs to recognise the HLA-A2 molecule present on the donated kidney and subsequently induce and maintain immunological tolerance to the organ.~The study requires three different types of participants - transplant recipients who will receive the study treatment TX200-TR101; control participants, who are transplant recipients who will not receive the study treatment; and transplant donors, who will donate their kidney to the transplant recipients."
22285129|NCT04690595|This phase I trial evaluates the side effects and best dose of BAFFR-CAR T cells in treating patients with B-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia that has come back (recurrent) or does not respond to treatment (refractory). T cells are infection fighting blood cells that can kill cancer cells. The T cells given in this study will come from the patient and will have a new gene put in them that makes them able to recognize BAFFR, a protein on the surface of cancer cells. These BAFFR-specific T cells may help the body's immune system identify and kill BAFFR+ cancer cells.
22285281|NCT05632380|Patients with ultra high-risk multiple myeloma will undergo leukapheresis, stem cell mobilization and collection (could omit if collected before screening), conditioning, ASCT and C-CAR088 infusion. Patients receive a single dose of C-CAR088 three days post-ASCT. Two conditioning protocols and two dose levels of C-CAR088 will be used based on the investigator's discretion. Patients will be evaluated closely for safety of efficacy during the first three months, then less frequently in the following months until 24 months post-ASCT.
22352192|NCT02107963|"Background~GD2 is a well-characterized tumor antigen in neuroblastoma, which is also expressed on osteosarcomas and some other sarcomas. T cells expressing 1st generation anti-GD2 chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) were safe and mediated modest antitumor activity in some patients with refractory neuroblastoma.~A 3rd generation anti-GD2-CAR (GD2-CAR.OX40.28.z.ICD9) has been produced and holds promise for increased activity compared to the 1st generation GD2-CAR already studied in clinical trials. As an added safety measure, the vector includes a suicide switch comprising a caspase dimerization domain (ICD9) that can be activated by a small molecule to induce death of the genetically engineered cells if they were induce untoward toxicity.~Objectives~Primary:Determine the feasibility of producing anti GD2-CAR cells meeting the established release criteria and to assess the safety of administering escalating doses of anti-GD2-CAR engineered T cells in children and young adults with GD2+ solid tumors, including neuroblastoma, following cyclophosphamide-based lymphodepletion.~Seconday: 1) Determine if administration of anti-GD2-CAR engineered T cells mediate antitumor effects in children and young adults with GD2+ solid tumors; 2) Measure persistence of adoptively transferred anti-GD2-CAR T cells and correlate this with antitumor effects; 3) Extend information regarding the prevalence and intensity of GD2 expression in non-neuroblastoma, non- osteosarcoma solid tumors in children and young adults; 4) If unacceptable toxicity occurs that is possibly, probably or likely related to anti-GD2-CAR T cells, assess the capacity for AP1903, a dimerizing agent, to mediate clearance of the genetically engineered cells and resolve toxicity; and 5) Assess toxicity of AP1903 if administered to mediate clearance of anti-GD2-CAR T cells.~Eligibility~Patients 1-35 years of age, at least 15 kg, with osteosarcoma or a GD2+ solid tumor (including neuroblastoma) that has recurred after or not responded to standard therapy and is deemed incurable by standard therapy.~Design~After apheresis to collect T cells for transduction, patients receive cyclophosphamide 1800mg/m(2)/d as a lymphodepleting regimen. A phase I cell dose escalation scheme will used at 4 dose levels (1 x 10(5) transduced T cells/kg; 1 x 10(6) transduced T cells/kg; 3 x 10(6) transduced T cells/kg; and 1 x 10(7) transduced T cells/kg), using a standard 3 plus 3 dose escalation design. An expanded group of a total of 12 patients will be treated at the highest dose, comprising at least 6 osteosarcoma patients.~Patients will be monitored for toxicity, antitumor effects and persistence of anti-GD2-CAR T cells.~Patients with a PR, SD may receive a 2nd cycle at the next higher dose level a minimum of 60 days following completion of the first cycle if eligibility criteria are met.~A maximum of 36 patients may be treated on this study. Given that there is likelihood that some patients with non-osteosarcoma will not meet the criteria for GD2 expression to be eligible for enrollment, up to 72 subjects will be screened to enroll a maximum of 36 patients for treatment. Up to 2-3 patients will be accrued per month, and therefore this study may require up to 2-3 years to complete enrollment and treatment."
22285472|NCT03912480|"Basic treatment:~The original treatment regimen was maintained. During the study period, insulin dose could be adjusted with the change of blood glucose, while the type and dose of oral hypoglycemic drugs remained unchanged (except when side effects of drugs or insulin preparations were stopped or patients still had frequent hypoglycemia).~Stem cell therapy:~Dosage: Stem cells from human exfoliated teeth were calculated at 0.11IU/kg body weight .~Course of treatment: 3 times, Injections were administered at enrollment, 2 weeks after enrollment, and 6 weeks after enrollment.~Note: at 1 month follow-up (V5) after the last transplantation of several cells, the subjects were still unable to discontinue insulin, and then began the second course of stem cell therapy.After the second course of treatment, the follow-up plan was resumed."
22285509|NCT03910842|CD19-TriCAR contains an anti-CD19 scFv, a PD-L1 blocker, and a cytokine complex, enabling the CD19-TriCAR-T/SILK to simultaneously targeting the CD19 positive Leukemia or Non-Hodgkin lymphoma，blocking the inhibitory PD-L1 signal and stimulating innate T/NK cell activation and expansion, thus make it a tri- functional CAR (Tri-CAR). CD19-TriCAR-T is an autologous tri-functional CAR-T cell therapy, CD19-TriCAR-SILK is an Allogeneic tri-functional CAR- NK cell therapy, patients ineligible for leukapheresis or CAR-T therapy will be recommended for CD19-TriCAR-SILK therapy.
22285533|NCT05571540|"Although the anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapies have gained significant clinical outcome in patients with r/r B-ALL，autologous CAR-T is not feasible for some patients. To make further improvement, the investigators are going to conduct a clinical trial using universal CAR-T cells(LstCAR019) targeting CD19 for r/r B-ALL patients.~After enrollment, patients will get a 3-5 days lymphodepletion therapy, then the LstCAR019 will be infused by vein. Subjects will be followed for safety and efficacy up to 12 weeks. For those with a durable remission 12 weeks after infusion, the follow-up will last for at least 12 months for disease control."
22218755|NCT04205838|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine if it is feasible to accrue a sufficient number of study participants at one site, in order to justify expanding the trial to three additional sites (pilot study).~II. To estimate the efficacy of anakinra in prevention of severe immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome. syndrome (ICANS) (full study).~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To estimate the impact that anakinra has on the efficacy of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy for relapsed/refractory lymphoma.~II. To estimate the rate of subsequent ICANS development in patients who receive anakinra for grade >= 3 cytokine release syndrome (CRS) in the absence of ICANS.~III. To estimate the duration of neurotoxicity in patients who receive anakinra.~IV. To estimate the duration of severe neurotoxicity in patients who receive anakinra.~V. To determine if anakinra causes persistent hepatotoxicity in patients receiving CAR T-cell for refractory lymphoma.~VI. to evaluate the overall toxicity of anakinra in patients receiving CAR T-cell therapy for refractory lymphoma.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate CRS and ICANS grade by using the American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (ASBMT) 2018 consensus grading for adults.~II. To investigate changes in inflammatory markers including IL-1 and IL-6 in the peripheral blood during episodes of ICANS.~III. To describe the electroencephalogram (EEG) changes that characterize ICANS.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive standard lymphodepleting therapy including fludarabine and cyclophosphamide on days -5 to -3, then receive axicabtagene ciloleucel CAR T-cell infusion. Patients with clinical evidence of ICANS of any grade, or CRS >= grade 3 receive anakinra subcutaneously (SC) every 6-12 hours for 12-36 doses over 9 days in the absence of unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study, patients are followed up at 30, 90, and 100 days, then at 6 months."
22102066|NCT04318327|This is a phase I, open label study to characterize the safety and tolerability of a novel B-cell Maturation Antigen (BCMA)-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) manufactured with a new process. In the dose escalation part (Part A) of the study, the anti-BCMA CAR-T cell therapy will be studied in adult multiple myeloma (MM) subjects who are relapsed and/or refractory. In the dose evaluation part (Part B) of the study, the anti-BCMA CAR-T cell therapy will be studied in newly diagnosed adult subject with MM.
22102104|NCT03241940|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the feasibility of producing CD19/CD22-CAR T cells meeting the established release criteria.~II.Assess the safety of administering escalating doses of autologous CD19/CD22-CAR T cells that meet established release specifications in children and young adults with B-cell hematologic malignancies following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine conditioning regimen. The following dose escalation will be used in two disease groups: 1) children and young adults with relapsed/refractory low disease burden ALL (< 5% blasts), and 2) children and young adults with relapsed/refractory high disease burden ALL (≥5% blasts) or lymphoma:~Dose Level -1: 3 x 105 transduced T cells/kg (± 20%)~Dose Level 1: 1 x 106 transduced T cells/kg (± 20%)~Dose Level 2: 3 x 106 transduced T cells/kg (± 20%)~Dose Level 3: 1 x 107 transduced T cells/kg (± 20%)~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Evaluate the ability of CD19/CD22-CAR T cells to mediate clinical activity in children and young adults with B-acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).~TERTIARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Analyze alterations in early B cell development induced by immune pressure exerted via CD19/CD22-CAR T cells.~II. Evaluate whether subjects receiving CD19/CD22-CAR T cells relapse with loss or diminished expression of CD19 and/or CD22, when feasible.~III. Measure persistence of CD19/CD22-CAR T cells in the blood, bone marrow and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF), and explore correlations between CD19/CD22-CAR T cell properties and CAR T cell efficacy and persistence.~IV. Establish the utility of chromatin structure and epigenomic technology to characterize CAR T cell therapies.~V. Explore the ability of CD19/CD22-CAR T cells to mediate clinical activity in children and young adults with refractory B cell lymphoma in a non-statistical cohort due to expectations of low accrual.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of CD19/CD22-CAR T cells.~Patients receive fludarabine phosphate intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on days -4 to -2 and cyclophosphamide IV over 60 minutes on day -2. Patients then receive CD19/CD22-CAR T cells IV over 10-20 minutes on day 0. Patients that benefited from the first dose of CD19/CD22-CAR T cells, had no unacceptable side effects, and have enough cells left over may receive 2 or 3 additional doses of CD19/CD22-CAR T cells.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up daily until day 14, twice weekly until day 28, at 2 and 3 months, every 3 months until month 12, every 6-12 months up to year 5, and then annually for years 6-15."
22102105|NCT03233854|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the feasibility of producing CD19/CD22 CAR T cells meeting the established release criteria.~II. Assess the safety of administering escalating doses of autologous CD19/CD22 CAR T cells that meet established release specifications in adults with B cell hematologic malignancies following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine conditioning regimen.~III. Assess the safety and feasibility of administering repeated doses of NKTR-255 intravenously after CD19/CD22-CAR T cell infusions in adults with ALL using a dose escalation design.~IV. Determine the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) of NKTR-255 when administered following CD19/CD22-CAR T cell infusion in adults with ALL~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Evaluate the ability of CD19/CD22 CAR T cells to mediate clinical activity in adults with DLBCL and adults with ALL.~II. Characterize the pharmacokinetics (PK) of NKTR-255 when administered post CD19/CD22 CAR T cell infusion.~III. Explore the rate of relapse, progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in subjects receiving CD19/CD22 CAR T cells, followed by up to 6 cycles of NKTR-255"
22102150|NCT00085930|"Earlier, the patient gave us blood to make 14g2a chimeric receptor-T cells and 14g2a chimeric receptor-EBV CTLs in the laboratory. These cells were grown and frozen for the patient. The patient received treatment with these cells. However, there are enough cells remaining that we are able to offer to treat the patient with an additional dose if they would like.~As with the original treatment, the patient will be given an injection of cells into the vein through and IV. Before the injection is received, the patient will be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol. The injection will take about 2 minutes. We will follow the patient in the clinic after the injection for 3 hours. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of tumor by scans and bone marrow studies if the bone marrow may show evidence of disease~Medical tests during and after treatment:~The patient will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and after:~Physical exams~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of tumor by scans and bone marrow studies if the bone marrow had evidence of disease 6 weeks after each infusion~Because the patient has received cells with a new gene in them the patient will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer. If they have a procedure related to their tumor (for example a biopsy or tumor resection), we will request permission to obtain a tissue sample. This will help investigators learn more about T cell and CTL treatment of neuroblastoma. In the event of death, we will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of these infusions on the disease."
22219136|NCT04844086|"This is an open-label Phase 1 study to determine the feasibility, safety, and the recommended maximum tolerated Dose (MTD) of a single infusion of RPM CD19 mbIL15 CAR-T cells for adult patients. Approximately 24 subjects will be enrolled and it is anticipated approximately 16 subjects will be infused at the varied doses of T cells.~This study will very rapidly administer T cells that are genetically modified by electroporation using DNA plasmids from the SB system to co-express CD19RCD8CD28 (the CAR), mbIL15, and HER1t. The presence of mbIL15 may allow for reduced doses of CAR-T cells to be infused to reduce the risk for adverse events, such as cytokine release syndrome (CRS).~The key features of study design are listed below.~Uncontrolled~Blinding: open-label~Randomized: no~Duration of treatment: single infusion within day~Titration: none~Single center, Taiwan"
22102229|NCT04766840|This is a single-center, single-arm, open-label study. This study is planned to enroll about 9 subjects with relapsed or refractory acute myelogenous leukemia and 9 matched donors for leukapheresis and CAR-T cells manufacture. Donor-derived CAR-T cells were then infused intravenously into subjects, in a dose-escalating 3+3 design.
22159084|NCT01864889|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD19 (cluster of differentiation antigen 19 ) vector (referred to as CART-19 cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-19 cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-19 TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to CART-19 cell infusions.~II. To determine if the CD137 transgene is superior to the TCR zeta only transgene as measured by the relative engraftment levels of CART-19 TCR zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~III. Estimate relative trafficking of CART-19 cells to tumor in bone marrow and lymph nodes.~IV. For patients with stored or accessible tumor cells (such as patients with active chronic lymphocytic leukemia(CLL), acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), etc) determine tumor cell killing by CART-19 cells in vitro.~V. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD19, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-19 (loss of engraftment).~VI. Determine the relative subsets of CART-19 T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg).~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 group according to order of enrollment.~Patients receive anti-CD19-CAR (coupled with CD137 and CD3 zeta signalling domains)vector-transduced autologous T cells on days 0,1, and 2 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 3 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 13 years."
22159085|NCT01864902|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD33 vector (referred to as CART-33 cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-33 cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-33 TCR zeta:CD137 and TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-leukemia response due to CART-33 cell infusions.~II. To determine if the CD137 transgene is superior to the TCR zeta only transgene as measured by the relative engraftment levels of CART-33 TCR zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~III. Estimate relative trafficking of CART-33 cells in bone marrow.~IV. For patients with stored or accessible leukemia blasts, determine leukemia cell killing by CART-33 cells in vitro.~V. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD33, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-33 (loss of engraftment).~VI. Determine the relative subsets of CART-33 T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg).~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 group according to order of enrollment.~Patients receive anti-CD33-CAR (coupled with CD137 and CD3 zeta signalling domains)vector-transduced autologous T cells on days 0,1, and 2 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 3 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 13 years."
22219448|NCT05252572|Human C-type lectin-like molecule 1 (CLL1) is a type II transmembrane glycoprotein ，CLL1 expression is restricted to bone marrow cells and most AML blasts. In addition, CLL1 is expressed in leukemia stem cells (LSC) but not in hematopoietic stem cells (HSC), may provide a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of AML.The CAR-T cell injection uses immune cells from healthy donors, and is the final product obtained after CAR genetic modification, cell expansion, culture, screening, preparation, sub-packaging, and release inspection. The center intends to apply for a clinical trial of CLL1 CAR-T cells to treat CLL1-positive hematological malignancies on the basis of preliminary research.
22159531|NCT05510596|"The treatment of large-cell B-cell lymphomas refractory to more than 2 lines of therapy has recently been revolutionized by the use of immunotherapies consisting of autologous genetically modified cells or CAR-T CELLS (chimeric antigen receptor-T cells), which very significantly increase progression-free survival and overall survival. Nevertheless, this therapy is frequently associated with cytokine release syndrome and in approximately 20% to 60% of patients with neurological complications that can sometimes be dramatic and are associated with a significant mortality rate.~The mechanisms behind this neurotoxicity are unclear but may include :~A systemic toxicity associated with the cytokine release syndrome. This toxicity would thus be favoured by the associated inflammatory response syndrome manifested in particular by hyperthermia, changes in blood pressure, and an increase in CRP, ferritin and the number of white blood cells.~A breakdown of the blood-brain barrier, as evidenced by increased protein levels, cellularity and cytokine levels in the cerebrospinal fluid. Among other things, this rupture could be promoted by the synthesis of proinflammatory cytokines (IL6, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma) that would promote endothelial activation.~Direct toxicity to neurons and/or microglial cells.~Despite the frequent occurrence of neurological toxicity characterized in particular by headache, tremor, and encephalopathy that is most often transient, brain imaging by CT or, preferably, MRI are most often normal. The rare abnormalities that have been identified suggest the presence of cytotoxic edema associated with the existence of transient modifications of the blood-brain barrier.~To date, the management of neurotoxicity associated with CAR-T CELLS remains empirical. It combines early management of cytokine release syndrome (by administration of anti-IL6) and treatment with corticosteroids, the objective of which would be to control neurotoxicity more specifically. A better understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms associated with this neurotoxicity appears essential today in order to be able to propose adapted prevention and treatment methods.~Objectives:~Main:~* To Compare tissue permeability by quantitative MRI measurement of Ktrans to the theoretical peak of neurotoxicity between patients with CAR-T Cell-induced neurotoxicity and those without neurotoxicity.~Secondary:~To Study, by MRI, the evolution of tissue microcirculatory parameters (from D-3 to D7) between groups of patients with or without the occurrence of neurotoxicity associated with CAR-T CELL treatment.~To Correlate the values of the MRI parameters with the usual clinical and biological parameters known to be associated with the occurrence of neurotoxicity (at D0 and theoretical peak).~To Correlate the values of the MRI parameters with the values (at D0 and at NADIR) of a panel of cytokines of interest (V-PLEX Neuroinflammation Panel Human 1 Kit, Meso Scale Discovery®)."
22285943|NCT04155749|"ARM 1 is a non-randomized, open label, multi-site Phase 1 study. CART-ddBCMA is a BCMA directed CAR with a non-scFv binding domain that has been deimmunized.~ARM 2 is a non-randomized, open label, multi-site Phase 1 study. Using the bivalent BCMA-Specific Adapter (SPRX001) and Universal CAR-Modified T cell (ARC-T Cells)"
22159589|NCT05225363|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the safety and tolerability of TAG72-CAR T cells in participants with recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC).~II To determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). III. To identify the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D).~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Persistence of CAR T cells in blood and peritoneal cavity pre- and 28 days post-infusion.~II. Response based on Immune-Related Response Criteria (irRC). III. Estimate the 6 month progression free survival rate. IV. Estimate median overall survival. V. TAG72 expression on tumor cells by immunohistochemistry (IHC) and/or flow cytometry; VI. Describe the serum cytokine profile pre- and post-CAR T cell infusion to assess potential cytokine release syndrome (CRS) toxicity and CAR T cell effector function.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. Phenotypes and frequencies of immune cell subsets in the peripheral blood pre- and post- therapy: analysis will include CD4:CD8 ratios, differentiation status (CD62L, CD27, CD45 RA/RO), and exhaustion markers (PD1, Tim3, LAG3), trafficking (CCR7, alpha4beta7), proliferation markers (ki67) and effector functions (cytotoxicity, Th1/Th2 cytokines, and CD107a degranulation) on endogenous and CAR+ T cells.~II. Phenotype of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). III. Gene expression (by RNA-seq) of circulating tumor cells (CTCs). IV. Circulating cell-free deoxyribonucleic acid (cfDNA) in peripheral blood by whole exome sequencing.~V. CAR immunogenicity based on the presence of anti-TAG72 CAR antibodies or T cell mediated immune responses.~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of TAG72-CAR T cells.~Patients receive fludarabine intravenously (IV) and cyclophosphamide IV on days -5 to -3. Patients receive TAG72-CAR T cells IP on day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 1, 7, 14, 21, 28, 60 and 90 days, 6, 9, and 12 months, then for up to 15 years."
22219806|NCT02846584|"The CD19-targeted CAR-T has shown exellent therapeutic efficiency in B cell malignancies,especially in acute lymphocytic leukemia. Recently the anti-CD20 CAR T cells has been used in the treatment of relapsed/refractory DLBCL and exhibited good clinical outcomes.~However, patients treated with CAR-T may face relapse of CD19 or CD20 mutation. Therefore we attempt to maintain and relieve patients by sequential therapy of the HSCT and hope to combine their advantages."
22219864|NCT00902044|"Because the cells have a new gene in them the patient will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~When the patient is enrolled on this study, they will be assigned a dose of HER2-CD28 T cells. Depending on which dose level they are assigned, they will receive one of the following:~HER2-CD28 T cells and fludarabine (patient will receive fludarabine for 5 days followed by injection of HER2-CD28 T cells)~OR~HER2-CD28 T cells, fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (patient will receive fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for 2 days, fludarabine alone for an additional 3 days, and 2 days of rest before receiving the HER2-CD28 T cells.).~The HER2-CD28 T cells will be given into the vein through an IV line. The injection will take between 1 and 10 minutes. The patient will be followed in the clinic after the injection for 1 to 4 hours.~Each patient will be followed for 6 weeks after the T-cell infusion for evaluation of toxicity. They will have standard tests and procedures as well as research blood draws.~If the patient has stable disease (the tumor did not grow) or there is a reduction in the size of the tumor on imaging studies after the T-cell infusion, they can receive additional doses of the T cells at 6 to 12 weeks intervals. For the first two subsequent HER2-specific T-cell infusions, patients will be able to receive additional lymphodepleting chemotherapy according to their dose levels."
22159731|NCT04074330|"The drug being tested in this study is called TAK-981 in combination with rituximab. The study will include a dose escalation phase (Phase 1) and an expansion phase in select non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) indications (Phase 2).~The study will enroll approximately 180 participants, approximately 35 participants in Phase 1 and approximately 145 participants in Phase 2. The participants with indolent or aggressive relapsed or refractory (r/r) NHL in Phase 1 will identify the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and/or pharmacologically active dose (PAD). PAD can be defined retrospectively once MTD is reached and it can below MTD or coincide with it. In the dose escalation phase, the starting dose of TAK-981 will be 10 mg. The RP2D will be determined based on the available safety, preliminary pharmacokinetic (PK), pharmacodynamic information data, and after any early antitumor activity observed along with the statistical inference from the Bayesian logistic regression modeling (BLRM).~Participants in the Phase 2 will be enrolled once the Phase 1 of the study is completed, and MTD and/or PAD is determined. Phase 2 will explore the efficacy and safety of TAK-981 in combination with rituximab in participants with select NHL types and indications. Participants in Phase 2 will be enrolled in one of the three treatment arms based on Cohorts:~Phase 2, Cohort A r/r DLBCL Progressed after CAR T-cell therapy:TAK-981+Rituximab~Phase 2, Cohort B:r/r DLBCL;no CAR T-cell Therapy;2-3 Prior Lines: Two Dose Levels of TAK-981+Rituximab~Phase 2, Cohort C:r/r FL;no CAR T-cell Therapy;2-3 Prior Lines: Two Dose Levels of TAK-981+Rituximab~This multi-center trial will be conducted worldwide. The overall time to participate in this study is approximately 72 months. Participants will make multiple visits to the clinic, and will attend the end of treatment (EOT) visit 30 days after receiving their last dose of drug or before the start of subsequent systemic anticancer therapy, whichever occurs first for a follow-up assessment."
22220112|NCT04156243|CD19 CARvac is a chimeric antigen receptor immunotherapy treatment designed to treat
22353106|NCT02203825|"This is a study for patients with AML or MDS-RAEB that is not in remission and for which there are no reasonable standard treatment options and for patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma with progressive disease.~In this study, the participant's white blood cells (T-cells) will be collected and modified such that the T-cells are able to recognize specific molecules (called NKG2D-ligands), that are expressed on the surface of cancer cells in these diseases. This modification is a genetic change to the T-cells. The modified T cells, called CM-CS1 T-cells, are then given back to the participant by a single intravenous infusion. In this study, participants will not receive any chemotherapy prior to infusion of the CM-CS1 T-cells.~The study will evaluate whether it is safe and feasible to administer CM-CS1 T-cells to participants with AML/MDS-RAEB and multiple myeloma. It will also evaluate whether the CM-CS1 T-cells have a beneficial effect against the cancer cells. Another goal of the study is to learn more about the persistence and function of the CM-CS1 T-cells in the body.~Participants will be followed very closely during the first month after infusion. They are required to remain within 50 miles of Brigham and Women's Hospital (Boston, MA) for 10 days after the infusion and will be followed three times per week for the first 21 days and at day 28. Subsequently, participants will be followed monthly until 6 months after infusion, every 3 months until 15 months after infusion and at 24 months after infusion. Because this study involves gene transfer, participants will be followed yearly for up to 15 years."
22160303|NCT01886976|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. Determine the safety and feasibility of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells transduced with the anti-CD138 vector (referred to as CART-138 cells).~II. Determine duration of in vivo survival of CART-138 cells. RT-PCR (reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction) analysis of whole blood and bone marrow will be used to detect and quantify survival of CART-138 TCR zeta:CD137 and TCR (T-cell receptor) zeta cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-myeloma response due to CART-138 cell infusions.~II. To determine if the CD137 transgene is superior to the TCR zeta only transgene as measured by the relative engraftment levels of CART-138 TCR zeta:CD137 and TCR zeta cells over time.~III. Estimate relative trafficking of CART-138 cells in bone marrow.~IV. For patients with stored or accessible myeloma cells, determine myeloma cell killing by CART-138 cells in vitro.~V. Determine if cellular or humoral host immunity develops against the murine anti-CD138, and assess correlation with loss of detectable CART-138 (loss of engraftment).~VI. Determine the relative subsets of CART-138 T cells (Tcm, Tem, and Treg).~OUTLINE: Patients are assigned to 1 group according to order of enrollment.~Patients receive anti-CD138-CAR (coupled with CD137 and CD3 zeta signalling domains)vector-transduced autologous T cells on days 0,1, and 2 in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed intensively for 6 months, every 3 months for 2 years, and annually thereafter for 13 years."
22286604|NCT03690011|"To make the T cells, the investigators will take the patient's blood and stimulate it with growth factors to make the T cells grow. To get the CD7 antibody and CD28 to attach to the surface of the T cell, investigators will insert the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps investigators find the T cells in the patient's blood after investigators inject them. This virus also helps the investigators find the T cells in your blood after they are injected. To ensure the T cells grow well in the lab, the investigators adds small amounts of medications that are often used to treat patients with cancer or other illnesses. These medications are washed off of the cells prior to injecting them into your body. Because patients will have received cells with a new gene in them, patients will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer. If patients cannot visit the clinic, they may be contacted by the research coordinator or physician.~When patients enroll on this study, they will be assigned a dose of CD7 chimeric receptor-T cells. Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate (grow) and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in blood. Because of that, patients will receive two chemotherapy medications prior to receiving the CD7 chimeric receptor-T cells. One medication is called cyclophosphamide and the other fludarabine. Patients will receive 3 daily doses of each drug, ending at least one day before they receive the chimeric receptor-T cells. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the patients own T cells before investigators infuse the CD7 chimeric receptor T cells and also will help decrease the number of other cells that may interfere with the chimeric receptor-T cells working well. Although investigators do not expect any effect on tumors with the doses that patients will receive, these drugs are part of many regimens that are used to treat leukemia or lymphoma. Investigators prefer that patients do not receive other chemotherapy or treatments for your cancer until 6 weeks after cell infusion but patients can do so if their doctors thinks it is medically necessary.~Patients will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose. Before patients receive the injection, they will be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol. The injection will take about 20 minutes. Investigators will follow patients in the clinic after the injection for up to 3 hours, and they will have to remain locally for at least 3 weeks after the infusion. If patients experience any side effects (see section on risks below), they may have to be hospitalized for evaluation and management. If after a 4-6 week evaluation period after a patient's infusion and s/he has achieved a complete response (measured by bone marrow or radiology scans), the patient's primary oncology doctors may decide s/he should proceed to bone marrow transplant, at which time s/he will be removed from the treatment portion of the study.~The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~MEDICAL TESTS BEFORE TREATMENT~Before being treated, patients will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans and/or bone marrow studies~Testing of patient's blood for certain viral infections~An ultrasound of patient's heart to make sure his/her heart function is appropriate for the study if you have not had one recently~MEDICAL TESTS DURING AND AFTER TREATMENT:~Patients will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusion and after:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans and/or bone marrow studies 4-6 weeks after the infusion~To learn more about the way the CD7 chimeric receptor-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. The total amount on any day is about 10 teaspoons (50 mL) or no more than 3 mL per 2.2 pounds body weight in children. This volume is considered safe but may be decreased if patients are anemic. This blood may be drawn from a central line if one is available. Blood will be taken before patients start the chemotherapy a few days prior to the cell infusion. On the day patients receive the cells, blood will be taken before the cells are given and several hours afterwards. Other blood will be drawn one week after the infusion, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks and 8 weeks after the infusion, at 3 months, at 6 months, at 9 months, at 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years. The total blood drawn during a patient's participation in this study will not exceed 280 teaspoons."
22286635|NCT02431988|"Patients with Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) resistant to or relapsing following rituximab-containing chemotherapy regimens have a poor prognosis. Patients may receive salvage chemotherapy and possibly an autologous stem cell transplant (auto-SCT). A proportion of these patients, however, will not respond to the chemotherapy or may relapse after the auto-SCT and therefore require novel treatment options. Such patients may benefit from an allogeneic stem cell transplantation (allo-STC).~In this study the investigators aim to administer CAR19 T-cells to act as a bridge to the transplant strategy. Specifically, (1) the feasibility of generating CD19 specific Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-cells called CAR19 T-cells, (2) the safety of administering the CD19 CAR T-cells in this setting, (3) how well the CAR19 T-cells engraft and (4) to evaluate how effective these cells are as a bridge to allogeneic transplantation.~Following informed consent and registration to the trial, patients will undergo an unstimulated leucapheresis for generation of the CAR19 T cells. Whilst the cells are being generated, patients will proceed with a further cycle of standard salvage (recommended ifosfamide, epirubicin and etoposide (i.e. the IVE regime), and should not receive rituximab. Patients will receive pre-conditioning with intravenous fludarabine and cyclophosphamide prior to infusion of a single dose of CAR-modified T-cells. An escalating dose protocol will be employed to identify a minimum effective dose of CAR19 T-cells."
22286849|NCT05666700|This a Phase Ib exploratory study designed to investigate the in vivo trafficking of cilta-cel in extramedullary myeloma (EMM) using 64Cu SPION nanoparticles and PET-MRI imaging. It is planned that 10-30% of clinical dose of target number of cilta-cel will be labelled. The target number cilta-cel has been chosen based on the previous first in humans (FIH) study. The rationale to label of cilta-cel in the range of ≤30% is to ensure that reasonable positron emission tomography (PET) and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging quality by increasing the relative labelling dose, in the case low cell numbers are obtained. Additionally, the selected range is chosen to limit cellular toxicity and radiation exposure to the patient from the labelled cells. The unlabeled and labelled dose will be administered as scheduled by a two-part intravenous infusion in which the labelled cells are administered no later than 4hrs after the unlabeled infusion
22286939|NCT03854994|The investigators designed an KD-019 Chimeric Antigen Receptor(CAR) with FMC63 single-chain antibody fragment (Scfv). This CAR has a CD8 hinge and transmembrane domains and a 4-1BB costimulatory domain; T cells expressing this CAR release relatively low levels of cytokines. Subjects with relapsed/refractory CD19-positive B-cell Lymphoma and B-ALL can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. Subjects receive chemotherapy prior to the infusion of KD-019 CAR-T cells. After the infusion, subjects will accept follow-up for side effects and effect of KD-019 CAR-T cells by the sponsor. Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized.
22162477|NCT04693676|"This is a single-arm, open label, 3+3 dose escalation, phase I study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of C-CAR039 in adults with relapsed/refractory B-cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. 10 patients are planned to be enrolled.~Following consent, enrolled subjects will undergo a leukapheresis procedure to collect autologous mononuclear cells for manufacture of C-CAR039. Following manufacture of the drug product, subjects will receive lymphodepleting therapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide prior to C-CAR039 infusion. All subjects who have received C-CAR039 infusion will be followed for up to 24 months."
22162552|NCT03117751|"Participants will be classified into one of three categories (low-, standard-, or high-risk) based on the presenting age, leukocyte count/lymphoma staging, presence or absence of CNS-3 status or testicular disease, immunophenotype, molecular genetics, DNA index, and early response to therapy.~Treatment will consist of three main phases: Remission Induction, Consolidation, and Continuation. Early Intensification therapy will be given prior to Consolidation to patients with provisional standard-risk or high-risk ALL/LLy or any provisional low-risk patients with Day 15 MRD ≥1% as well as provisional low-risk LLy patients who do not obtain complete response at the end of Induction. Patients with mixed phenotype acute leukemia (MPAL) are treated by using the same treatment stratification used in ALL although analysis is performed separately from ALL or LLy cohorts.~Brief outline of treatment plan:~Patients will be assigned to treatment based on risk group: Low-Risk, Standard-Risk and High-Risk and cell type (T or B cell).~Remission Induction initially consists of prednisone (28 days), vincristine (4 weekly doses), daunorubicin (1 to 3 weekly doses), and pegaspargase 1 dose for all patients and 2 doses for those with Day 15 MRD 1% or higher. The second part (given over 2 weeks and overlapping with the last week of the first part of induction) consists of cyclophosphamide, cytarabine, and mercaptopurine combinations. Dasatinib will be added for patients with Ph+ and Ph-like ABL-class fusions and bortezomib will be given to patients with no targetable lesions and Day 15 or Day 22 minimal residual disease (MRD) ≥ 5% on Days 29 and 32.~Early Intensification will be given prior to Consolidation to patients with provisional standard-risk or high-risk ALL/LLy or any provisional low-risk patients with Day 15 MRD ≥1% as well as provisional low-risk LLy patients who do not obtain complete response at the end of Induction. For patients with Ph-like ALL that is targetable with JAK inhibitor and Day 15 or Day 22 MRD level ≥5% or end of Remission Induction ≥1% as well as all patients with early T cell precursor (ETP) ALL and T/M MPAL, ruxolitinib will be used. This includes, but is not limited to CRLF2, JAK2, and EPOR rearrangements and sequence/structural changes in JAK1/2, TYK2, IL7R, and SH2B3. Ruxolitinib will be added in LLy patients with activation of JAK-STAT signaling that can be inhibited by ruxolitinib whose responses do not qualify complete response at the end of Remission Induction. Dasatinib will continue for patients with ABL-class fusions. Bortezomib will be added for patients with no targetable lesions and Day 15 or Day 22 MRD ≥ 5% or LLy patients without complete response at the End of Induction.~Consolidation Treatment will consist of high dose methotrexate (HDMTX) (every other week for 4 doses); daily mercaptopurine and IT chemotherapy on the same dates of HDMTX. Dasatinib will continue for patients with ABL-class fusions. Ruxolitinib will continue for patients with activation of JAK-STAT signaling that can be inhibited by ruxolitinib and Day 15 or Day 22 MRD ≥5% or Day 42 MRD ≥1% (or for LLy patients who do not qualify complete response at the end of Remission Induction) and all cases with ETP ALL and T/M MPAL.~Immunotherapy: CAR T-cell therapy will be considered for High-risk B-ALL and B-LLy patients. Blinatumomab will be given to patients with Standard-risk B-ALL and B-LLy with residual disease at the end of induction and High-risk B-ALL and B-LLy patients who are not able to receive CAR T-cell therapy. Blinatumomab is also given to patients with the following genetic subtypes (BCR-ABL1, ABL-class fusion, JAK-STAT activating mutation, hypodiploid, iAMP21, ETV6-RUNX1-like, MEF2D, TCF3/HLF, or BCL2/MYC) or with Down syndrome, regardless of MRD level and/or Total 17 risk category.~Reintensification therapy will be offered to certain High-risk patients with persistent MRD after Immunotherapy (B-ALL and B-LLy) or Early Intensification (T-ALL and T-LLy), or those who cannot receive Immunotherapy.~Continuation Treatment will consist of 120 weeks of risk-directed therapy. Dasatinib will continue in patients with ABL-class fusion. Ruxolitinib will continue in patients with activation of JAK-STAT signaling that can be inhibited by ruxolitinib and Day 15 or Day 22 MRD ≥5% or Day 42 MRD ≥1% (or for LLy patients who do not qualify complete response at the end of Remission Induction) and all cases with ETP ALL. T-ALL and T-LLy patients with leukemia/lymphoma cells in cerebrospinal fluid at diagnosis or MRD ≥0.01% at the end of Induction will receive nelarabine. ALL/LLy Patients with the CEP72 rs904627T/T genotype (16% of patients) will be randomized (unblinded design except those who evaluate neuropathies) to receive either 1.5 mg/m2 or 1 mg/m2 of vincristine after Continuation Week 1. Patients in low- risk will complete vincristine in Week 49 and those in standard/high-risk will complete in Week 101. Standard/high-risk patients with either a CEP72 rs904627 C/T or C/C genotype (84% of patients) will be randomized to receive vincristine and dexamethasone pulses through Week 49 of Continuation Treatment or through Week 101 of Continuation Treatment. Low-risk patients will complete vincristine in Week 49.~Intrathecal therapy is given throughout the treatment. The number of intrathecal therapy is based on the risk factors of central nervous system relapse."
22222110|NCT02728882|This is a single-arm, multicenter Phase 2 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the CAR-T for Recurrent or refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma.The study will be conducted using a phase I/II design. The study will have the following sequential phases: Part A (screening leukapheresis,cell product preparation, and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and Part B (treatment and follow-up). The follow-up period for each participant is approximately 35 months after the final CAR-T infusion. The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 3 years. A total of 24 patients may be enrolled over a period of 3 years.
22354102|NCT04473937|"This research study is a Pilot Study, which is the first time investigators are examining this intervention after administration of CAR T cell therapy. This research study looks to systematically investigate the safety and efficacy of radiotherapy following CAR T cell therapy (axicel or tisacel) in refractory lymphoma. CAR T cell therapy involves genetically modifying T cells to target tumor cells for death. Radiotherapy is a standard treatment offered with refractory lymphoma and uses high-energy x rays, or particles, to destroy or damage cancer cells. Few have received CAR T cell therapy prior to radiation therapy and this study aims to gather more information on radiotherapy following CAR T cell therapy as a treatment option and its potential to improve participants immune system's response to cancer cells as well as its interaction with CAR T cell therapy to better treat refractory lymphoma.~The research study procedures include screening for eligibility, enrollment, biopsy following radiation, post-treatment period, and long-term follow-up.~Participants will receive radiotherapy at a dose and schedule determined by the study doctor.~Participants will be followed for up to 24 months after completion of study treatment.~It is expected that about 20 people will take part in this research study."
22103416|NCT03086954|This is an open, single-arm,multicenter 2 phase clinical study to evaluate efficacy and safety of chimeric antigen receptor T cell immunotherapy (CAR-T) in the treatment of CD19 positive lymphoma. The study will be conducted using a phaseⅠ/Ⅱdesign the study will have the following sequential phases: part A (screening, leukapheresis, cell product preparation and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and part B (treatment and follow-up). The follow-up period for each participant is approximately 35 months after the final CAR-T infusion. The total duration of the study are expected to be approximately 3 years. A total of 24 patients may be enrolled over a period of 3 years.
22222513|NCT05333302|Locally manufactured second generation autologous CD19 CAR-T cells are used for immunotherapy. Protocol treatment includes lymphodepleting conditioning (fludarabine + cyclophosphamide) followed by one CAR-T cells intravenous infusion with tocilizumab premedication.
22223232|NCT02685670|"Primary objectives~1. To determine the safety and feasibility of adoptive transfer of T cells modified to express CD19-specific chimeric antigen receptor (CD19CAR) for treatment of leukemia and lymphoma~Secondary objectives~To measure the efficacy of anti-tumor responses after CD19CAR T cell infusion~To determine if CD19CAR T cells engineered with 4-1BB signaling domain is superior to that with CD28 signaling domain for their homing and persistence after CD19CAR T cell infusion"
22103728|NCT03084380|"Primary Objectives:~To evaluate the safety of intravenous administration of the anti-GPC3 CAR-T cells in patients with HCC or lung squamous cell carcinoma~To access the safety of anti-GPC3 CAR-T cells in HCC patients through catheter injection~Secondary Objectives:~To evaluate the efficacy of anti-GPC3 CAR-T cells in patients with advanced HCC or lung squamous cell carcinoma~To monitor the serum cytokine and expression level of tumor markers such as AFP, CEA and GPC3~To assess the persistence in peripheral blood and intratumoral infiltration of anti-GPC3 CAR-T cells"
22223623|NCT04169932|The maximum dose was determined according to the dose escalation test. Based on the number of CART cells per kg body weight which was proved to be safe and effective, all the subjects were treated with one single dose of CD20 CART cells per treatment course. The dose escalation test was designed to evaluate the four dose levels of CD20-CART (1 × 10 ^ 6 cells/kg,2 × 10 ^ 6 cells/kg,4 × 10 ^ 6 cells/kg,8 × 10 ^ 6 cells/kg). Each CD20-CART infusion will be carried out on day 0. Each subject was observed for at least 4 weeks after the last infusion. If there was no dose-limited toxicity (DLT), it is necessary to continue multiple treatment courses at this dose level. The detailed administration time and dose were decided by the researchers. The observation period was 4 weeks after the end of the course of treatment. If 2 or more cases of DLT occurred at a certain dose level, the prior dose level was the maximum tolerable dose of (MTD). If one case of DLT occurred, 3 subjects were added to the group. If there were no DLT in 3 cases, the next dose level would be estimated. If at least 1 case of DLT occurred in the 3 cases, the prior dose was the maximum tolerated dose of (MTD). If there were no DLT at the maximum dose, the maximum tolerant dose was the maximum dose.
22223760|NCT02652910|"Primary Objectives~To determine the safety and feasibility of CD19.CAR-T cells manufactured through IL-7/IL-15-mediated expansion or IL-2-mediated expansion~To determine in vivo dynamics and persistency of IL-7/IL-15 programmed CD19.CAR-T cells.~To determine the efficacy of IL-7/IL-15 programmed CD19.CAR-T cells in treating patients with CD19-positive lymphoma~Secondary Objectives~To determine whether the IL-7/IL-15 programmed CD19.CAR-T cells are superior to the IL-2 programmed cells as measured by their in vivo persistence post infusion~To determine whether the IL-7/IL-15 programmed CD19.CAR-T cells are superior to the IL-2 programmed cells as measured by their efficacy in lymphoma therapy~To assess the dynamics of intratumoral infiltration of CD19.CAR-T cells.~To correlate the subsets and differentiation of CD19.CAR-T cells to observed anti-tumor efficacy"
22288170|NCT03754764|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To evaluate the feasibility and safety of specificity CD38 CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory leukemia and lymphoma.~To evaluate the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells.~Real Time polymerase chain receptor (RT-PCR) and Flow cytometry(FCM) analysis of PB,BM and lymph node will be used to detect and quantify survival of CD38 CAR-T cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to specificity CD38 CAR-T cell infusions.~The CAR-T cells will be administered by i.v. injection over 20-30 minutes as a using Day 0: 1-5x10e6/kg total dose on day 0."
22224077|NCT04163302|"Lymphoma is a malignant tumor originating from lymph nodes or other lymphoid tissues. It can be divided into B cells, T cells, and NK cell lymphomas depending on the origin of different lymphocytes. Among them, B cell lymphoma accounts for about 90% of lymphoma.~Chimeric antigen receptor T (CART) cells is a promising treatment for lymphoma. T lymphocytes from patients are separated and engineered with CD19-CAR, to specifically recognize and eliminate CD19-positive tumor cells. At present, many CD19CART cells therapy studies are in the stage of clinical research and have achieved significant clinical effects.~Although there are some CD9CART cells clinical trials, the therapeutic effect on lymphoma is significantly lower than that of acute leukemia. One of the reasons is that lymphoma has the nature of solid tumors, whichi has a certain immunosuppressive microenvironment. The clinical trials of anti-PD-1 antibody drugs against lymphoma also show good therapeutic efficacy. Therefore, the combination of anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody and CD19CART is one of the ways to improve the therapeutic effect of CART cells.~The investigators screened PD-1 mutants that have high bind with the PD-L1 ligand, and prepared CD19CART which secretes the mutant PD-1Fc fusion protein. Preclinical studies have shown that CD19CART cells secreting mutant PD-1Fc fusion protein have a superior killing effect to CD19CART cells which does not express PD-1 fusion protein.~The trial was conducted to explore the safety and efficacy of CD19-PD1-CART cells in Relapsed/Refractory B Cell Lymphoma."
22224120|NCT04289220|"Using piggyBac transposon/transposase system to deliver genes into primary human T cells - example expression of CD19 CAR.CARs specific to the human CD19 antigen were used. All CARs contained the scFv against human CD19 (clone FMC-63), The third BBz CD28z CAR consisted of the scFv linked to the intracellular domains of CD28, 4-1BB and CD3z through a CD28 transmembrane domain;~Subjects with relapsed/refractory CD19-positive B-cell Lymphoma or B-ALL can participate if all eligibility criteria are met. All patients received chemotherapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide before the infusion of anti-CD19 CAR-T cells.. After the infusion, subjects will accept follow-up for side effects and effect of anti-CD19 CAR-T cells.~Follow-up :~Safety and adverse events (safety and tolerability of anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapy within 14 days): The number and severity of adverse events, an evaluation of their association with the anti-CD19 CAR-T cell treatment, and the outcome of the adverse events. Possible adverse events include cytokine release syndrome, hypotension, reversible neurotoxicity, hypogammaglobulinemia, etc. CT was used to evaluate B-lymphoma lesions. B-ALL bone marrow samples were collected by bone marrow aspiration to assess minimal residual disease. Flow cytometry was used to detect proportion of T cells, B cells, and NK cells in the blood, and expression of CD3, CD4, CD8, anti-CD19 CAR to determine the effect of anti-CD19 CAR-T treatment. Plasma levels of the cytokines IFN-gamma, TNF-α, IL-2, GM-CSF, IL-10, and IL-6 were also determined.~Data analysis:~Overall survival and progress free survival were determined by the Kaplan-Meier method, using all enrolled patients to determine overall survival.~Study procedures may be performed while hospitalized."
22225149|NCT03275493|Relapsed/refractory CD19 + acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients were randomly enrolled in this study to compare the efficacy and safety between two cohorts: 1. Humanized CD19 CAR-T cells； 2. Humanized CD19 CAR-T cells with CRS suppression technology.
22355271|NCT01953900|"Patients give blood to make GD2-T cells that are grown and frozen. To get the GD2-CAR to attach to the surface of the T-cell, a gene is inserted into the T-cell. As described in the Brief Summary, the gene contains the GD2-CAR. This is done using part of a virus (known as a retrovirus) that has been put into a vector made for this study and that will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This retrovirus vector also helps identify the T cells in the patient's blood after they have been injected. Because the patients have received cells with a new gene in them they will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~When enrolled on this study, patients will be assigned to one of three groups of different doses of GD2-T cells. The first group of patients will receive a lower dose of GD2-T cells. Once that dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at the higher dose. Patients will receive treatment with with cyclophosphamide (cytoxan) and fludarabine for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of your own T cells before we infuse the GD2-T cells.~Patients will receive the GD2-T cells by an intravenous line. Before patients receive the injection, they may be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol. The injection will take between 1 and 25 minutes. The research team will follow patients in the clinic after the injection for 1 to 4 hours. Two weeks after receiving the dose of GD2-T cells, patients will receive a dose of the VZV vaccine. This will be given as an injection under the skin that will take less than a minute. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital. Patients may need to stay in Houston for up to 4 weeks after the infusion so the research team can monitor patients for side effects. The research team will follow patients in the clinic or through communication with their primary doctor after the GD2-T-cell injection.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, patients will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~A urine pregnancy test. If you a patient is pregnant, both the patient and her parents will be informed of the pregnancy~Measurements of their tumor by routine imaging studies. We will use the imaging study that was used before to follow the patient's tumor (Computer Tomogram (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), or Positron Emission Tomography(PET/CT)~Medical tests during and after treatment--~Patients will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and afterwards:~Physical exams~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of their tumor by routine imaging studies at 6 weeks after the infusion~To learn more about the way the GD2-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, an extra amount of blood, based on the patient's weight, up to a maximum of 60 ml (12 teaspoons) of blood will be taken on the day of the GD2-T- cell infusion(s), (before and at the end of the T-cell infusion(s)), 1, 2, 4, and 6 weeks after the GD2-T-cell infusion(s) and every 3 months for 1 year, at 15 months and 18 months, then every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years. One additional blood sample might be drawn 3 to 4 days after the GD2-T-cell infusion(s); this is optional. Blood may be drawn at additional time points based on the patient's response to the treatment.~During the time points listed above, if the Tcells are found in patient's blood at a certain amount, an extra 5ml of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~For children, the total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 ml (less than 1 teaspoon) per 2.2 pounds of body weight on any one day. This volume is considered safe, but may be decreased if the patient is anemic (have a low red blood cell count)."
22355290|NCT03528421|"Dose-escalation:Patients entered the IM19-41BB or IM19-CD28 group and performed dose escalation studies in three dose groups.~According to the results of the previous dose escalation study, select one dose to continue the enrollment of 6 patients for extended studies."
22355425|NCT03927261|"This is a multi-center, nonrandomized, Phase 1/1b safety and tolerability study. The safety and tolerability of PRGN-3006 T cells will be assessed following intravenous administration of escalating doses in patients with relapsed or refractory CD33-positive AML, MRD-positive AML, or higher risk MDS.~This study has completed the dose escalation phase and is further evaluating PRGN-3006 at the identified dose in the dose expansion phase."
22355724|NCT04581473|This study is an open, multicenter, Phase Ib/II clinical trial evaluating chimeric antigen receptor-modified autologous T cells targeting Claudin18.2 (CLDN18.2) (CT041 autologous CAR T) in subjects with CLDN18.2 expression-positive, advanced gastric/esophagogastric conjugate adenocarcinoma that has failed at least 2 prior lines therapy and advanced pancreatic cancer that has failed at least 1 prior line therapy. The purpose is to evaluate the efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics There are two stages in the study. Phase Ib stage is dose escalation and dose expansion study, and Phase II stage is to verify the efficacy and safety of CT041 treatment.
22289197|NCT04288726|"Earlier, healthy donors gave blood for us to make CD30.CAR-EBVST cells in the laboratory. These cells were grown and frozen and the investigators will select the donor which the investigators think is the best match for the patient. This is a dose escalation study. This means that at the beginning, patients will be started on the lowest dose (1 of 3 different levels) of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells. Once the lower dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at a higher dose. This process will continue until all 3 dose levels are studied. If the side effects are too severe, the dose will be lowered or the T cell infusion will be stopped. Both the risks and benefits of this study may be dose related. The investigators don't know the best dose that will provide benefit while minimizing the risks.~To enroll on this study, patients will need to have recovered from toxic effects of previous chemotherapy and not be receiving any other investigational agents. Patients cannot have received an investigational cell therapy or vaccine within the past 6 weeks. Patients cannot have received an investigational small molecule drug within the past 2 weeks.~If patients agree to take part in this study, the investigators will ask the patients to adhere to the following study visits and procedure. After patients have signed the consent form, patients are required to come to the hospital for a series of standard medical screening tests, lymphodepletion chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, infusion with CD30.CAR-EBVST cell treatment and follow-up visits (See details below).~Screening tests~Screening tests include:~Blood tests [Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) testing] to help us identify the best match for patients from the banked CD30.CAR-EBVST cells.~Blood tests for viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus [HIV], human T cell lymphotropic virus [HTLV], hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus.~Tumor biopsy test to check the status of CD30.~Once the investigators find that patients are eligible for this study, patients will be called for additional screening tests before treatment day. The screening tests include:~Physical examination~Vital signs tests to measure temperature, pulse, respiratory rate and blood pressure~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver functions~Urine test~Pregnancy test for women of child-bearing potential~Measurements of tumor by routine imaging studies~Lymphodepletion chemotherapy Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to multiply and grow to accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in the blood stream. Because of that, if patients have NOT had a bone marrow or stem cell transplant recently, patients will receive treatment with cyclophosphamide and fludarabine (chemotherapy drugs) before patients receive the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells if patients doctor thinks this is appropriate. This is called lymphodepletion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of patients own T cells before the investigators inject the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells. Although the investigators do not expect any effect on the patients tumor with the dose that the patients will receive, these drugs are part of many regimens that are used to treat lymphoma.~Treatment with CD30.CAR-EBVST cells~Each patient will receive a total dose of CAR modified T cells (split between 2 infusions) according to the following dosing schedule:~Dose Level 1: 4 × 107 CD30.CAR-EBVST cells~Dose Level 2: 1 × 108 CD30.CAR-EBVST cells~Dose Level 3: 4 × 108 CD30.CAR-EBVST cells~The CD30.CAR-EBVST cells will be infused via an IV line at the assigned dose. Before patients receive the infusion, they may be given a dose of acetaminophen or anti-histamine (Benadryl for example) to minimize any possible allergic reaction. The infusion of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells will take within 10 minutes. The investigators will follow patients in the clinic after each infusion for up to 3 hours. The patient will need to stay less than 2 hours away from the Medical Center for 4 weeks after the CD30.CAR-EBVST cell infusion so the investigator can monitor them for side effects.~Follow-up visits~On follow-up visits after treatment, patients will also receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical examination~Vital sign tests to measure temperature, pulse, respiratory rate and blood pressure~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver functions~Urine tests (if clinically necessary)~Pregnancy test for women of child-bearing potential (if clinically necessary)~Measurements of tumor by routine imaging studies~After infusion of CD30.CAR-EBVST cells,the patients blood will be collected on follow-up visits at week 1, week 2, week 3, week 4, week 6, week 8, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 more years. Blood samples and tumor biopsies will also be periodically collected, based on the patients doctor's discretion for exploratory tests in the laboratory. After 5 years, in the event there is suspected or new cancer is detected, additional blood sample will also be collected for additional tests.~To learn more about the way the CD30.CAR-EBVST cells are working and how long they last in the body, the investigators will draw blood. The total amount of blood collected on any day is about 4-18 teaspoons (18-87 ml). This volume is considered safe but may be decreased if the patients are anemic. Patients blood will be drawn from a central line if participants have one. The total blood drawn during the patients participation in this study will not exceed 110 teaspoons (546 ml).~The investigators will also look at any scans or biopsies patients have had as standard of care."
22289311|NCT03685786|The clinical study of the chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CART Cells) treatment for minimal residual disease(MRD) of B Cell Malignancies and then autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation(auto-HSCT).
22105280|NCT05370430|This phase I trial evaluates the side effects and best dose of BAFFR-CAR T cells in treating patients with B-cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (B-NHL) that has come back (recurrent) or does not respond to treatment (refractory). T cells are infection fighting blood cells that can kill cancer cells. The T cells given in this study will come from the patient and will have a new gene put in them that makes them able to recognize BAFFR, a protein on the surface of cancer cells. These BAFFR-specific T cells may help the body's immune system identify and kill BAFFR+ cancer cells.
22226750|NCT02876978|"A single-center, open-label pilot study to determine the safety, tolerance and engraftment potential of CAR-GPC3 T cells in subjects with GPC3+ positive lung squamous cell carcinoma.~Primary objectives:~Observe and determine the safety and tolerance in escalating dose infusion of CAR-GPC3 T cells (CAR T cells targeting GPC3) transduced with the lentiviral vector, and the survival of the CAT-GPC3 T cells in vivo, referred to as engraftment potential.~Secondary objectives:~The following indexes are monitored for curative effect of CAR-GPC3 T cells on lung squamous cell carcinoma:~Objective response rate (ORR), is defined as the ratio of patients diagnosed as partial remission (PR) to complete remission (CR) according to RECIST 1.1 criteria.~Progression free survival (PFS), is defined as the duration from baseline to PD (audited and confirmed by independent imaging), or to the day of any death event. The earlier one shall prevail.~Time to tumor progression (TTP), is defined as the duration from baseline to disease starts to get worse or spreads to other parts of the body.~Overall survival (OS), is defined as the time period from the 1st day of treatment to the day of death for any reason. For patients who are still alive at the data analysis day, OS data is subject to the last confirmed time of survival patients."
22226769|NCT04303520|"Primary Objectives~1. To determine the feasibility ad safety of anti-CD19/ CD22 CAR-T cells in treating patients with CD19-positive Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.~Secondary Objectives~To determine in vivo expression, dynamics and persistency of anti-CD19/CD22 CAR-T cells.~To determine in vivo expression of CD19-positive B cells.~To access the complete remission rate (ORR) in patients with ALL with 3 months after CD19/CD22 CAR-T cells infusion.~To investigate the favorable CD19/CD22 CAR-T cells dose and dosage regimen for the Phase II Clinical Trial."
22289839|NCT05318963|This is an open-label, dose-escalation/dose extension study to assess the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of LCAR-AIO in the patient ≥ 18 years of age with relapsed or refractory B cell lymphoma. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will receive a single dose of LCAR-AIO injection. The study will include the following sequential phases: screening, pre-treatment (cell product preparation; lymphodepleting chemotherapy), treatment, and follow-up.
22356304|NCT03497533|The tri-functional anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor contains an anti-CD19 scFv, a PD-L1 blocker, and a cytokine complex, enabling the TriCAR-T-CD19 to simultaneously targeting the CD19 positive NHL，blocking the inhibitory PD-L1 signal and stimulating T/NK cell activation and expansion.
22166699|NCT03765177|The investigators have designed a two-stage, single-arm, open-label early phase study to determine the safety and efficacy of CLIC-1901 cell therapy in patients with CD19+ ALL and NHL. The primary objective in the initial stage of 20 participants will be to evaluate the feasibility of our protocol and the safety and tolerability of infusing autologous CLIC-1901 cells into patients with relapsed/refractory CD19+ ALL or NHL. Once 20 participants have been treated and the treatment is deemed safe, up to 40 more participants will be enrolled in an extension stage where the primary objective will be overall response rate (defined as complete or partial response) at 6 months after CLIC-1901 infusion.
22227887|NCT02873390|A total of 20 patients may be enrolled over a period of 1-2 years.
22290555|NCT03932565|"Currently, malignant tumors are the leading cause of death. Surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and targeted therapy have become the four foundations of cancer treatment for many years. With the development of science and technology, immunotherapy has become the fifth pillar of cancer treatment. The most hot topic in immunotherapy is CAR-T therapy. The basic principle of CAR-T therapy (chimeric antigen receptor-T cells) is mainly to use the patient's own immune cells to clear cancer cells. CAR is a core component of CAR-T, conferring T cell a HLA-independent way to recognize tumor antigens, allowing CAR-modified T cells to recognize a broader target than the natural T cell surface receptor TCR. The basic design of CAR includes a tumor associated antigen (TAA) binding region, an extracellular hinge region, a transmembrane region and an intracellular signaling region. The selection of target antigens is a key determinant of the specificity and effectiveness of CAR and the safety of genetically modified T cells themselves.~Nectin-4 is a type I transmembrane protein whose extracellular domain is composed of three Ig-like domains (V-C-C type), which together with cadherin participate in the formation and maintenance of adhesion junctions. Nectin-4 is ubiquitously expressed in human embryonic cells but is hardly expressed in normal adult tissues. Nectin-4 is highly expressed on the surface of breast cancer, bladder cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and pancreatic cancer cells, and plays a key role in the occurrence, invasion and metastasis of these epithelial malignancies. In conclusion, Nectin-4 is one of the important targets for the diagnosis and treatment of many solid tumors. The antibody-conjugated drug Enfortumab Vedotin targeting Nectin-4 was highly effective in Phase I clinical trials in 81 advanced bladder cancers, and was awarded FDA breakthrough therapy in March 2018. Fibroblast activation protein (FAP) belongs to the serine protease family and is highly expressed on the surface of cancer-associat"
22228357|NCT02729493|This is a single-arm,multicenter Phase 2 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the CAR-T for Liver Cancer.The study will be conducted using a phaseⅠ /Ⅱ disign.The study will have the following sequential phases:Part A(screening leukapheresis,cell product preparation,and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and Part B(treatment and follow-up).The follow-up period for each paticipant is approximately 35 months after the final CAR-T infusion.The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 3 years.A total of 25 patients may be enrolled over a period of 3 years.
22228471|NCT02725125|This is a single-arm, multicenter Phase 2 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the CAR-T for Stomach Cancer. The study will be conducted using a phaseⅠ /Ⅱ design.The study will have the following sequential phases: Part A(screening leukapheresis, cell product preparation, and cytoreductive chemotherapy) and Part B(treatment and follow-up). The follow-up period for each participant is approximately 35 months after the final CAR-T infusion.The total duration of the study is expected to be approximately 3 years. A total of 19 patients may be enrolled over a period of 3 years.
22290767|NCT03642496|ET019002-T cell therapy is a novel chimeric T-cell therapy platform that in preclinical studies, functionally matches the efficacy of CAR-T cells, but dramatically reduces the release of cytokines upon killing of target-positive tumors.The arm of the study is experimental i.v. arm:ET019002-T cells administered by intravenous (IV) infusion.The intervention is ET019002-T cells(Autologous T cells transduced with lentivirus encoding an anti-CD19 (ET019002)-expression construct).
22228683|NCT02710149|The anti-CD20 antibody has been broadly used in the treatment of B cell malignancies and exhibited good clinical outcomes. The CD19-targeted CAR-T has shown exellent therapeutic efficiency in B cell malignancies,especially in acute lymphocytic leukemia. However, patients treated with CD19-targeted CAR-T may face relapse of CD19 mutation. Other targets aimed CAR-T is in need. Therefore we constructed CD20-targeted CAR-T cells and hope to start a clinicaltrial to explore the therapeutic effect of CD20-targeted CAR-T cells in the treatment of B cell malignancies.
22167053|NCT03682744|Patients undergo leukapheresis from which peripheral blood mononuclear cells are purified. T cells are activated and then re-engineered to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) specific for CEA. Cells are expanded in culture and returned to the patient by intraperitoneal infusion at specific cell doses. One anti-CEA CAR-T dose per patient is planned. Additional cycles may be administered at the discretion of the principal investigator. Normal peritoneal and tumor biopsies will be obtained at the time of the CAR-T infusion, on the final day of the treatment period, and during reporting interval #3.
22229047|NCT04107142|"CTM-N2D-101 is a phase I dose-escalation study to evaluate the safety of CTM-N2D and the feasibility to produce CTM-N2D for three target dose levels between 3x10^8 - 3x10^9 per infusion will be tested. Four doses will be given at an interval of a week into subjects with relapsed or refractory solid tumors.~A typical 3+3 design will be used to determine the safe regimen basing on the incidence of dose-limiting toxicity (DLT). The identified safe regimen will be used for further phase II studies for selected indications."
22229257|NCT02917083|"To prepare the CD30.CAR T cells, research staff will take some blood from the subject. This would be drawn as two separate blood collections.~Alternatively, if the subject's blood counts are low, staff may collect the cells needed to prepare T cells by a pheresis procedure. This procedure will involve placing a needle in both arms, collecting the cells over 3 to 6 hours during which the subject will be required to lie relatively still.~After the T cells have been collected, some of them will be activated stimulating them with antibodies and will then be infected with a retroviral vector (a special virus that can carries a new gene into cells) containing a new gene called anti-CD30 that will make an antibody to lymphoma cells. The trained cells are called CD30.CAR T cells. Then, the cells will be tested to make sure that they kill lymphoma cells that express the CD30 antigen and not normal cells.~The cells generated will be frozen and stored to give back to the subject.~This is a dose escalation study. This means that at the beginning, patients will be started on the lowest doses (1 of 3 different levels) of CD30.CAR T Cells. Once that dose schedule proves safe, the next group of patients will be started at a higher dose. This process will continue until all 3 dose levels are studied. If the side effects are too severe, the dose will be lowered or the T cell infusions will be stopped. The risks of harm and discomfort from the study treatment may bear some relationship to the dose level. The potential for direct benefit, if any, may also vary with the dose level.~Subjects will be given one injection of CD30.CAR T cells. The injection will be on Day 0. The subject may be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol before the injection of T cells to minimize any possible allergic reaction. The injection will take 1-10 minutes. The subject will be monitored in the clinic after each injection for up to 3 hours.~At the discretion of the study doctor, if the subject has stable disease (the lymphoma did not grow) or there is a reduction in the size of the lymphoma on imaging studies at week 8 after the T-cell infusion or on subsequent evaluations, then the subject can receive up to six additional doses of the T cells at 8 to 12 weeks intervals. After each T cell injection, the subject will be monitored as described above.~To learn more about the way the CD30.CAR T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. On the day that the subject receives the cells, blood will be taken before the cells are given and several hours afterwards. Other blood will be drawn at 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks (optional), 4 weeks, 6 weeks and 8 weeks, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years."
22167239|NCT05638828|This single-arm, open-label, dose-escalation and dose-expansion study will evaluate the safety and tolerability of RD14-01, ROR1-targeting CAR T cells, in adults with ROR1+ advanced solid tumors. The dose-escalation phase will investigate 3 dose levels to the. The dose-expansion phase will enroll .
22291280|NCT03574168|"Primary objective:~To investigate the safety and efficacy of autologous or HLA-haploidentical Allo-CD19-CAR-T cells in the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory acute B-cell lymphoblastic leukemia.~Secondary objective:~To Assess the patient's quality of life after receiving the treatment."
22229773|NCT04295018|The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Apheresis, Baseline, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), C-CAR088 infusion and Follow-up Visit.
22229774|NCT04295096|"Background:~Autologous chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells have changed the therapeutic landscape in haematological malignancies. Nevertheless, the use of allogeneic CAR T cells from donors has many potential advantages over autologous approaches, such as the immediate availability of cryopreserved batches for patient treatment, possible standardization of the CAR-T cell product, time for multiple cell modifications, redosing or combination of CAR T cells directed against different targets, and decreased cost using an industrialized process. The T cells currently used for CAR-T cell manufacturing are mainly derived from peripheral blood mono-nuclear cells (PBMCs) .The manufacture of allogeneic CAR T cells from PBMCs collected from healthy donors is associated with the ability to make multiple vials from a single apheresis product. Allogeneic CAR T cells are created from healthy donors, they are generated from immune cells that have not been impacted by the immune effects of cancer or by exposure to chemotherapeutic agents, in contrast to autologous T cells from patients. The selection of donors on the basis of their immune characteristics is likely to be a key factor in decreasing the heterogeneity of the final cell product~Objectives:~To produce allogeneic CAR T cells with different targets and other cell products by using PBMCs from healthy subjects.~To develop and optimize the methodology for the response or quality determination of cell Immunotherapy products.~Design:~All subjects are required to sign a written informed consent form for the study. After the signing of informed consent form, participants will be screened with a series of vital signs, physical examinations and laboratory tests. Demographic data and medical history of the subjects will also be documented. In addition, 30 mL peripheral venous blood sample will be collected to evaluate the biological characteristics of each subject. Participants will undergo a routine blood test within 24 hours before the apheresis to reconfirm their eligibility and 3-5 mL blood samples are to be drawn for the development of detection methods of cell-based immunotherapy. Subjects who meet all the inclusion criteria and do not meet any exclusion criteria are qualified to donate peripheral blood mono-nuclear cells (PBMCs) by means of apheresis. 6×10[9] of cells for each healthy person are preferred. 172 healthy subjects are to be enrolled through the whole study."
22229819|NCT02575261|Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) is a recombinant receptor with both antigen-binding and T cell activating functions. Chimeric antigen receptor T cell Immunotherapy has more advantages compared with conventional immunotherapy, especially in dealing with patients of hematologic malignancies and solid malignant tumors.This study design a novel specific Chimeric antigen receptor aiming at EphA2 antigen.After CAR-T cell infusion,At periodic intervals, the investigators will evaluate clinical symptoms Improved conditions of this disease.Through this study,the investigators will evaluate the safty and effectiveness of CAR-T cell immunotherapy in treating with EphA2 positive malignant glioma patients.
22106713|NCT02980315|Half of the patients will treat with LMP1-CAR-T cells,while the other half will receive a placebo.During the time of the treatment ,we will supervise the side effect of treated group.At last we compare the survival rate and health condition of the two groups.
22356898|NCT02443831|This is a multi-centre, non-randomised, open label Phase I clinical trial of an Advanced Therapy Investigational Medicinal Product named CD19/22 Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T-cells (CD19/22 CAR T-cells) in children and young adults (age <24 years) with high risk, relapsed CD19+ and/or CD1922+ haematological malignancies (Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Burkitt's lymphoma). Following informed consent and registration to the trial, patients will undergo an unstimulated leukapheresis for the generation of the CD19/22 CAR T-cells. Patients will receive the CD19/22CAR T-cells following lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The study will evaluate the safety, efficacy and duration of response of the CD19/22 CAR T-cells in children with high risk relapsed CD19+ and or CD22+ malignancies.
22230199|NCT04093648|"A maximum of 42 subjects will participate in the treatment part of this study.~The investigators will collect up to 180 mL of the participants blood. The investigators will use this blood to grow T cells. They will grow the T cells and use a retrovirus (a special virus that can carry the GPC3 CAR gene into the T cells) to genetically engineer them. After the CAR gene are put into the T cells, the investigators will make sure that they are able to kill hepatocellular carcinoma or hepatoblastoma cells in the laboratory.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY:~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation. Because of that, participants will receive treatment with cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the participants' T cells before the investigator infuse the GPC3-CAR T cells.~WHAT THE INFUSION WILL BE LIKE:~After making these cells, they were frozen. If the patient agrees to participate in this study, they will be scheduled to be treated, the cells will then be thawed and injected into the participant over 5 to 10 minutes. The participant will receive the GPC3-CAR T CELLS 48-72 hours after completing the chemotherapy. The participant may be pretreated with Tylenol (acetaminophen) and Benadryl (diphenhydramine). Tylenol and Benadryl are given to prevent a possible allergic reaction to the T cell administration.~This is a dose escalation study, which means that investigator does not know the highest dose of GPC3-CAR T cells that is safe. To find out, the investigator will give the cells to at least 3 participants at one dose level. If that is safe, the investigator will raise the dose given to the next group of participants. The dose each patient gets will depend on how many participants get the agent before that patient and how they react. The investigator will tell each patient this information. This will help the patient think about possible harms and benefits. Since the treatment is experimental, what is likely to happen at any dose is not known.~All of the Treatments will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Houston Methodist Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment:~Physical exam and History~EKG (electrocardiogram) to assess heart function~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function and blood clotting (INR).~If the patient is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) they will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Pregnancy test (if the patient is a female who can get pregnant)~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans (CT/MRI) and the tumor marker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the patient's tumor produces this protein.~Medical tests during and after treatment:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function and blood clotting (INR)~If the patient is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV), the investigator will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Measurements of the tumor maker alfa-fetoprotein (AFP), if the patient's tumor produces this protein~Measurements of the patient's tumor by CT/MRI scans (6 -8 weeks after the infusion)~Tumor biopsy~FOLLOW-UP STUDIES~The investigators will follow the participant during and after the injections. To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the patient's body, up to 60 mL (12 teaspoons) of blood will be taken from the participant before the chemotherapy, before the T-cell infusion, 3 to 4 hours after the infusion, 3 to 4 days after the infusion (this time point is optional) at 1 week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks and 8 weeks after the injection, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years and then every year for the next 10 years. Total time participation for this study will be 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the patient's blood at a certain amount an extra 5 mL of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~The investigator will use this blood to look for the frequency and activity of the cells that they have given ; that is, to learn more about the way the T cells are working and how long they last in the body. The investigator will also use this blood to see if there are any long-term side effects of putting the new gene (chimeric antigen receptor, CAR) into the cells. In addition to the blood draws, because patient's have received cells that have had a new gene put in them, they will need to have long term follow up for 15 years so the investigator can see if there are any long term side effects of the gene transfer.~Once a year, the patient will be asked to have their blood drawn and answer questions about their general health and medical condition. The investigators may ask the patient to report any recent hospitalizations, new medications, or the development of conditions or illness that were not present when the patient enrolled in the study and may request that physical exams and/or laboratory tests be performed if necessary.~In the event that a tumor biopsy is performed for clinical reasons the investigators will request permission to obtain excess sample to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the patient's disease. In the event of death, the investigators will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the patient's disease and if there were any side effects from the cells with the new gene .~In addition, the investigators will obtain tumor biopsy for research purposes only. Associated risk with the biopsy will be discussed with the participant in detail in a procedure specific consent form. The investigators will test the sample to see if the GPC3-CAR T cells can be found in the tumor and what effect they had on the tumor cells.~If the patient develops a second abnormal cancer growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested (if a sample can be obtained)."
22356933|NCT05202782|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To determine efficacy of adjunctive zanubrutinib with chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR T)-cell therapy as defined by an improvement in 6-month complete response rates (CR) (defined per 2014 Lugano criteria) as compared to historical rates, in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) followed by maintenance zanubrutinib.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the conversion rates of partial (PR) to complete response (CR), defined per Lugano criteria (2014), in patients with partial response to initial CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) who are administered maintenance zanubrutinib.~II. To determine the overall response rate (ORR), using Lugano criteria (2014), in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) who are administered maintenance zanubrutinib.~III. To determine progression free survival (PFS), in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) who are administered maintenance zanubrutinib.~IV. To determine the overall survival (OS) rate in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) who are administered maintenance zanubrutinib.~V. Toxicity assessment.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the impact on quality of life using the health-related quality of life outcome questionnaire European Organization for the Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire - Core 30 (EORTC QLQ C-30), in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) who are administered maintenance zanubrutinib.~II. To measure disease-specific symptoms and/or treatment-related concerns in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy (with a prior lead-in zanubrutinib) who are administered maintenance zanubrutinib.~III. To evaluate CAR T-cell polyfunctionality with the administration of zanubrutinib lead-in and maintenance treatment.~IV. To identify changes in immune cell subsets and cytokines with administration of zanubrutinib lead-in and maintenance.~V. To characterize potential mechanisms of loss of response by measuring changes in programmed cell death ligand-1 /2 (PD-L1/L2) and CD19 on tumor tissue.~OUTLINE:~LEAD- IN PHASE: Patients receive zanubrutinib orally (PO) twice daily (BID) for 7-14 days in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~CAR T-CELL THERAPY: Patients receive standard of care CAR T-cell therapy intravenously (IV) at 4 weeks.~MAINTENANCE PHASE: Patients receive zanubrutinib PO BID on days 1-28. Cycles repeat every 28 days for 12 months in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity."
22356979|NCT05191472|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To evaluate the overall response rate (ORR) of pembrolizumab in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (MM) (RRMM) after anti-B-cell receptor maturation antigen (BCMA) chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the safety and tolerability of pembrolizumab in participants who relapsed or were refractory to anti-BCMA CAR-T therapies.~II. To evaluate the depth of response for patients treated with pembrolizumab who had previously relapsed after or were refractory to anti-BCMA CAR-T therapies.~III. To evaluate time-to-event outcomes, including time-to-next treatment (TNT), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS) after initiation of pembrolizumab therapy.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVE:~I. To explore the immune profile after pembrolizumab treatment, including changes in absolute lymphocyte count (ALC) and lymphocyte subsets by flow-cytometry.~OUTLINE:~Patients receive pembrolizumab intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on day 1. Cycles repeat every 21 days for up to 2 years in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.~Participants will be followed for at least 30 days after last treatment or removal from study, or until death. Participants who have completed 35 cycles of therapy or discontinued treatment for reasons other than disease progression will be followed for up to 1-year, until removal from study, start of new anti-cancer therapy, or death."
22291629|NCT03893019|This Phase I trial will be the first trial with CD20 CAR transduced T cells in Europe targeting melanoma. The rationale for the trial is based on the finding that melanoma cancer sustaining cells express CD20 and that targeting CD20+ cells in preclinical model has a strong antitumor effect.
22167536|NCT05618041|"Main research purposes:~To evaluate the tolerability and safety of CAR-T technology in patients with relapsed or refractory hematolymphoid malignancies.~Secondary research purposes:~Objective Evaluation of Cytodynamic Characteristics of CAR-T in Different Types of Hematological Malignancies"
22291712|NCT03338972|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To evaluate the safety of adoptive therapy with ex vivo expanded autologous CD8+ plus CD4+ T cells transduced to express a human B cell maturation antigen (BCMA)-targeting chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) for patients with relapsed or treatment refractory multiple myeloma.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the duration of in vivo persistence and the phenotype of long lived CAR-T cells.~II. To determine the degree to which adoptively transferred T cells traffic to multiple myeloma (MM) cells in the bone marrow (BM) and function in vivo.~III. To estimate the antitumor activity of adoptively transferred BCMA-specific CAR-expressing T lymphocytes (BCMA CAR-T cells).~OUTLINE: This is a dose-escalation study of BCMA-specific CAR-expressing T lymphocytes.~Patients undergo leukapheresis to obtain their immune cells, from which CAR-T cells are produced. A few weeks later, patients then receive cyclophosphamide and fludarabine on days -4 to -2. Beginning 36-96 hours after chemotherapy, patients receive BCMA-specific CAR-expressing T lymphocytes intravenously (IV) over 20-30 minutes on day 0. Patients may receive a second dose of BCMA-specific CAR-expressing T lymphocytes IV with or without additional cytoreductive chemotherapy at the discretion of the principal investigator or their designee (sub-investigator).~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 60, 90, 120, 180, and 365 days and then annually up to 15 years."
22291780|NCT03884751|"This is a phase I open-label, single-arm, multicenter clinical trial designed to observe and evaluate the safety, cell metabolokinetics, and efficacy of CAR-GPC3 T cells infused intravenously at single escalating doses in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.~Primary objectives:~- To evaluate the safety and tolerability of CAR-GPC3 T cells infused intravenously at escalating doses in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.~Secondary objectives：~To evaluate the metabolic kinetics of single infusion of CAR-GPC3 T cells~To evaluate the overall safety and tolerability of infusion of CAR-GPC3 T cells~To observe the efficacy of CAR-GPC3 T cells in the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma"
22107026|NCT05583201|This is an open-label, dose escalation/expansion study to assess the safety,tolerability, and efficacy of KD-496 cell infusion in patients with advanced NKG2DL+/CLDN18.2+ solid tumors. In this study, the enrollment of the patients must meet the inclusion and exclusion criteria. All subjects will be undergo screening, pre-treatment (cell product preparation, lymphodepleting chemotherapy), treatment and follow up.
22231117|NCT05077527|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:~I. To demonstrate safety and feasibility of axicabtagene ciloleucel for relapsed/refractory (R/R) human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated aggressive B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (B-NHL) in participants with well-controlled HIV.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To estimate efficacy of axicabtagene ciloleucel in HIV-associated B-NHL as measured by complete response rate, event-free survival, and duration of response.~II. To assess the relationship between T-cell subset profile and clinical response in R/R HIV-associated B-NHL treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel.~EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:~I. To assess the relationship between immune-mediated response and clinical response and toxicity in HIV-associated B-NHL treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel.~II. To define burden of HIV integration in the final chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell product versus the pheresis product through quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR).~OUTLINE:~Patients receive fludarabine intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes and cyclophosphamide IV over 1 hour on days -5, -4, and -3. Patients then receive axicabtagene ciloleucel IV over 30 minutes on day 0.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up once weekly for month 1, once a month for months 2-6, and then at 9, 12, 15, 18, and 24 months."
22292030|NCT03563326|Chimeric antigen receptor modified T (CAR-T) cells have the capability in targeting and recognizing tumor antigen, and can specifically recognize, bind and kill tumor cells with positive antigen. Through local drug delivery, CAR-T cells have successfully achieved remarkable effect to treat solid tumors. Gastric cancer is one of the most frequent malignant tumors with high mortality, especially in China. Peritoneal metastasis is one of the common routes of metastasis. Once peritoneal metastasis occurred, patients should be categorized as clinical pathological stage IV with extremely poor prognosis, and the effect of routine treatments would be unsatisfactory. Epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM) is highly expressed in gastric cancer cells and closely associated with the poor prognosis of patients. In our previous pre-clinical research researches, the investigators have obtained CAR-T cells targeting EpCAM (EpCAM CAR-T), and finished the preparations of cells which could be used in clinical practice. Based on our previous works, the investigators aim to investigate the safety and efficacy of peritoneal infusion of EpCAM CAR-T cell in advanced gastric cancer with peritoneal metastasis by a prospective nonrandomized controlled trial. The results of this clinical trial are expected to provide the new treatment strategy for gastric cancer patients with peritoneal metastasis.
22168270|NCT05641428|"Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy is an innovative form of adoptive cell therapy that has proven its efficacy in the treatment of various hematological malignancies, including B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) and B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). CD19 has been the most studied target antigen for CAR T-cell immunotherapy. Anti-CD19 CAR T-cell therapy has shown durable responses in patients with different B-NHLs, including Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (DLBCL).~Unfortunately, up to 50-60% of the patients do not respond to CD19-directed CAR T-cell therapy or relapse. There are several shortcomings of current CD19-directed CAR T-cell therapy, that are likely responsible for therapy failure, namely: i) Due to centralized production at commercial sites, the production is time consuming (about 4 weeks), meaning that patients with rapidly progressive lymphoma may not reach the moment of the infusion of the anti-CD19 CAR T-cells. ii) Furthermore, for the current production processes, the autologous T-cells need to be cryopreserved for shipment from the hospital to the production sites and vice versa. This (double) cryopreservation process can decrease the quality of the CAR T-cells. This trial aims to address these shortcomings and will study the feasibility, and clinical efficacy of local manufacturing of CD19-directed CAR T-cells (ARI-0001 CAR T-cells), in a completely closed system using the CliniMACS Prodigy device. This study will compare the clinical efficacy of locally produced CAR T-cells to commercial produced CAR T-cells (for example axicabtagene ciloleucel, a CD19 targeting commercially available CAR T-cell) in patients with relapsed or refractory (R/R) DLBCL.~This in-house (point-of-care) production process of ARI-0001 will take approximately 12 days and thus will generate CAR T-cells faster which will be infused in the patient without cryopreservation (fresh). Furthermore, the point-of-care production process can be replicated in academic institutions with the appropriate cellular manufacturing facilities. If successful, this study will show feasibility of local production of CAR T-cell therapy, improving their rapid accessibility and quality."
22231243|NCT03635632|"To prepare the T cells (GD2-C7R T cells), research staff will take some blood from the patient. We will grow the GD2.C7R T cells by infecting the T cells with a retroviral vector (a special virus that can carry a new gene into cells) containing one gene that can recognize and kill cancer cells (GD2.CAR) and the new gene called C7R that will help these cells survive longer. After the new genes have been put into the T cells, the cells will be tested to make sure that they kill GD2-positive cancer cells.~Because we are growing the cells in the laboratory, we will also need to take blood to test for infectious viruses such as hepatitis and HIV (the virus that causes AIDS), and we will also ask patients to complete a questionnaire that is given to blood donors.~The cells generated will be frozen and stored to give back to the patient. Because patients will have received cells with a new gene in them patients will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~Patients will be assigned a dose of GD2-C7R T cells. The assigned dose of cells is based on body weight and height.~In this study, patients will receive the GD2-C7R cells and may also receive cyclophosphamide and fludarabine. These two drugs are standard chemotherapy medicines and may be given before the T cells to make space in the blood for the T cells to grow after receiving them.~If the patient receives cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, these drugs will be given intravenously (through an i.v. needle inserted in a vein or a central line) for 2 days and then fludarabine alone on the third day.~The patient will be given an injection of GD2-C7R T cells into the vein through an IV line at the assigned dose. Before receiving the T cell infusion, the patient may be given a dose of Benadryl (diphenhydramine) and Tylenol (acetaminophen). The infusion will take between 1 and 10 minutes. We will then monitor the patient in the clinic for about 3 hours. If you tolerate the infusion without severe side effects you may receive another infusion one week later. In this case both infusion will be considered part of one dose. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital. The patient may need to stay in Houston for up to 4 weeks after the infusion so we can monitor for side effects.~The patient will have follow-up visits after the T cell infusion at weeks 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8, then at months 3, 6, 9, and 12, and then twice a year for the next 4 years and annually for the next 10 years for a total of 15 years. The patient will also have scheduled disease evaluations after the T-cell injection at week 6 and then as clinically needed.~After disease re-evaluation, if the patient's disease has not gotten worse, or if in the future it seems the patient might benefit AND the patient has not had a severe side effect caused by the infusion of the GD2-C7R T cells, the patient may be eligible to receive one additional dose of their T cells. The dose will be at the same dose level as the first infusion and separated by at least 6 weeks such that we can make sure the patient has no severe side effects between infusions. The second dose may consist of two infusions again if you received two infusions with the first dose. If the patient receives an additional dose of GD2-C7R T-cells, then they will need to stay in Houston for up to 4 weeks after the infusion as well so we can monitor for side effects.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the tumor by routine imaging studies and/or bone marrow evaluation. We will use the imaging studies that have been used in the past to best assess the tumor (Computer Tomogram (CT) or Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), and Positron Emission Tomography (PET/CT), Bone Scan, and/or MIBG scan)~Pulmonary Function Tests (PFT) to see how well your lungs are working~Medical tests during and after treatment--~The patient will receive standard medical tests when they are getting the infusions and afterwards:~Physical exams~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of the tumor by routine imaging studies and/or bone marrow evaluation 6 weeks after the infusion (if the bone marrow showed tumor before the infusion).~To learn more about the way the GD2-C7R T cells are working and how long they last in the body, an extra amount of blood will be obtained on the day that chemotherapy starts, the day of the T-cell infusion(s) and at the end of the T-cell infusion(s), 1, 2, 4, 6 and 8 weeks after the T-cell infusion(s) and every 3 months for the 1st year, every 6 months for the next 4 years and annually for the next 10 years. The amount of blood taken will be based on weight with up to a maximum of 60 ml (12 teaspoons) of blood to be obtained at any one time. For children, the total amount of blood drawn will not be more than 3 ml (less than 1 teaspoon) per 1 kg of body weight on any one day. This volume is considered safe, but may be decreased if the patient is anemic (has a low red blood cell count).~During the time points listed above, if the GD2-C7R T cells are found in the patient's blood at a certain amount, an extra 5 ml (about 1 teaspoon) of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~If the patient has a procedure where tumor samples are obtained, like a repeat bone marrow evaluation or tumor biopsy, we will request a sample to be used for research purposes.~The patient will receive supportive care for any acute or chronic toxicities, including blood components or antibiotics, and other intervention as appropriate."
22357288|NCT04219163|"To make the CLL1-CD28 chimeric antigen receptor T cells, the investigators will collect the patient's blood and stimulate them with growth factors to make the cells grow. To get the CLL-1 antibody and CD28 to attach to the surface of the T cell, we put the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done using a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps investigators find the T cells in the patient's blood after they are injected. Because the patient will receive cells with a new gene in them the patient will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~When the patient enrolls on this study, the patient will be assigned a dose of CLL-1 chimeric antigen receptor- T cells. Several studies suggest that the T cells that we give to the patient need room to be able to grow and work well and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells already circulating in the patient's body. Because of that, the patient will receive two chemotherapy medications before receiving the CLL-1 chimeric antigen receptor- T cells.~One medication is called cyclophosphamide and and the other will be either fludarabine or clofarabine. The patient will receive 3 daily doses of each drug, finishing at least one day before receiving the chimeric antigen receptor- T cells. These drugs will lower the numbers of the patient's T cells before we give them the CLL-1 chimeric antigen receptor T cells and will also help lower the number of other cells that may block the chimeric antigen receptor-T cells from working well. Although we do not expect any effect on the patient's cancer with the doses that will be received, these drugs are part of many treatment plans that are used to treat leukemia.~Patients will be given an injection of cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose at a minimum of 24 hours after completing the chemotherapy medications. The injection will take from 1 to 10 minutes. Before patients receive the injection, they may be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~If the patient is one of the first set of enrolled patients, they will be admitted as an inpatient for at least 72 hours so that the doctor and nurses can watch them closely in case any potential side effects occur following infusion. After discharge from the hospital you will be followed closely in the clinic, and will have to remain in the Houston area for at least 4 weeks after the infusion. If patients have any side effects, they may have to be admitted to the hospital for evaluation and management. If after a 4 week evaluation period following the infusion, the patient has achieved a complete response, his/her cancer doctors may decide if you should go on to have a bone marrow transplant, at which time the patient will be removed from the treatment portion of the study~BEFORE BEING TREATED, PATIENTS WILL RECEIVE A SERIES OF STANDARD MEDICAL TESTS:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Pregnancy test for female patients who are of child bearing potential -Measurements of your tumor by bone marrow studies~Imaging such as PET scans, CT scans or MRIs will be obtained if needed~PATIENTS WILL RECEIVE STANDARD MEDICAL TESTS DURING TREATMENT AND AFTER:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~Measurements of your tumor by bone marrow studies 4-6 weeks after the infusion, possibly 12 weeks after the infusion and then per standard of care.~Imaging such as PET scans, CT scans or MRIs will be obtained if needed 4-6 weeks following the infusion~To learn more about the way the CLL-1 chimeric receptor-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. The total amount on any day is about 10 teaspoons (50 mL) or no more than 3 mL per 2.2 pounds body weight in children. This amount is considered safe but may be lowered if you are anemic. This blood may be taken from a central line if you have one. Blood will be taken before the chemotherapy drugs, before the T cell infusion, several hours after the T cell infusion, at 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks, and 8 weeks after the infusion, at 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, at 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years.~If patients have a bone marrow exam while they are on this study, we may ask to have a sample of bone marrow to look for CLL-1 chimeric receptor- T cells.~If a patient decides to withdraw at any time during the study, both samples and data collected during his/her participation will be kept."
22292620|NCT05103631|"Approximately 118-27 subjects will participate in the treatment part of this study.~Maximum of 180 mL of blood (approximately 12 tablespoons) is collected from patients to grow the T cells and a retrovirus (a special virus that can insert the GPC3 CAR gene into the T cells) is used to genetically engineer them. After the CAR gene was put into the T cells, the investigators make sure that they are able to kill GPC3 positive solid tumor cells in the laboratory.~LYMPHODEPLETION CHEMOTHERAPY:~Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to increase in numbers/multiply and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation . Because of that, participants will receive treatment with lymphodepletion chemotherapy. This chemotherapy means the participant will receive both cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) and fludarabine. Participants will receive these drugs for 3 days before receiving the T-cell infusion. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the participants own T cells before the investigators infuse the CATCH T cells.~WHAT THE INFUSION WILL BE LIKE:~After making these cells, they will be frozen. If the patient agrees to participate in this study, at the time the patient is scheduled to be treated, the cells will be thawed and injected into the patient over 5 to 10 minutes. The participant will receive the CATCH T CELLS 48 to 72 hours after completing the chemotherapy.~This is a dose escalation study, which means that the investigators do not know the highest dose of CATCH T cells that is safe. To find out, the investigators will give the cells to at least 3 participants at one dose level. If that is safe, the investigators will raise the dose given to the next group of participants. The dose each patient gets depends on how many participants get the agent before that patient and how they react. The investigator will tell each patient this information. Treatment eligibility are characteristics that must be met such as current health status and other items that ensure patients who could be made worse by participating in the study are not exposed to that risk. The eligibility also ensures researchers achieve accurate results. This will help the participant think about possible harms and benefits. Since the treatment is experimental, what is likely to happen at any dose is not known.~All of the treatments will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital.~Medical tests before treatment:~Physical exam and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function.~Pregnancy test (if the participant is a female who can get pregnant)~If the participant is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) the investigators will do a test to measure the levels of the virus~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans (either CT or MRI). Side effects are rare and include risk of developing an unrelated cancer due to radiation exposure from the machine, but this is unlikely.~Medical tests during and after treatment:~Physical exams and History~Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function~If the patient is infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) we will repeat the test and monitor the levels of the virus~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans (same scans used before treatment) (4 - 6 weeks after the infusion) and AFP (if applicable at 1, 2, and 4 weeks after the infusion).~Tumor biopsy of an accessible tumor between 2-4 weeks after the infusion and as clinically indicated thereafter. For additional clinically indicated tumor biopsies we will ask for a portion of the sample for research. We will not obtain biopsies if the patient's tumors are not accessible.~FOLLOW-UP STUDIES The investigators will follow the participant during and after the injections. To learn more about the way the T cells are working in the participant's body, up to 60 mL (up to 5 tablespoons, no more than 3ml/kg/day) of blood will be taken from the participant before the chemotherapy, before the T-cell infusion, 1 to 4 hours after the infusion, 3 to 4 days after the infusion (this time point is optional ) at 1 week, 2 weeks, 4 weeks and 8 weeks after the injection, every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years and then every year for the next 10 years. Total participation time for this study will be 15 years.~During the time points listed above, if the T cells are found in the participant's blood at a certain amount an extra half of a tablespoon of blood may need to be collected for additional testing.~The investigators will use this blood to look for the frequency and activity of the cells that the investigators have given; that is, to learn more about the way the T cells are working and how long they last in the body. The investigators will also use this blood to see if there are any long-term side effects of putting the new gene (chimeric antigen receptor, CAR) into the cells. In addition to the blood draws, because the participants have received cells that have had a new gene put in them, the participants will need to have long term follow up for 15 years so the investigators can see if there are any long-term side effects of the gene transfer.~Once a year, the participants will be asked to have their blood drawn and answer questions about their general health and medical condition. The investigators may ask the participants to report any recent hospitalizations, new medications, or the development of conditions or illness that were not present when the participants enrolled in the study and may request that physical exams and/or laboratory tests be performed if necessary.~When tumor biopsy is performed for clinical reasons the investigators will request permission to obtain excess sample to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease.~In the event of death, the investigators will request permission to perform an autopsy to learn more about the effects of the treatment on the participant's disease and if there were any side effects from the cells with the new gene.~In addition, the investigators would like to ask for participant permission to use tumor biopsy for research purposes only. Associated risk with the biopsy will be discussed with each participant in detail in a procedure specific consent form. The investigators will test the sample to see if the GAP T cells can be found in the tumor and what effect they had on the tumor cells.~If participants develop a second abnormal cancer growth, significant blood or nervous system disorder during the trial, a biopsy sample of the tissue will be tested."
22292621|NCT05094206|This is a phase I, interventional, open label, dose-finding treatment study designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy CAR20.19.22 T-cells in adult patients with B-cell malignancies that have failed prior therapies.
22292733|NCT03448393|"Background:~Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) accounts for approximately 25% of childhood cancer. Survival rates have improved, but outcomes for some subgroups, including infants and young adults remain poor, and survival for patients who relapse is < 50%, despite allogeneic stem cell transplant following second remission.~CD19 immune escape has been observed by several groups following CD19-CAR therapy for B-ALL. Investigation of this phenomenon reveals a complex biology responsible for loss or downregulation of CD19 expression observed in these cases.~Sequential therapy using CD22-CARs to treat CD19 dim/lo escape is associated with rapid development of resistance due to CD22 downregulation. This trial will test whether simultaneous targeting of CD19 and CD22 using a novel bivalent CD19/22-CAR is safe and feasible.~Objectives:~-Assess the safety of administering escalating doses of autologous CD19/CD22-CAR engineered T cells that meet established release specifications in children and young adults with CD19+CD22+ B cell ALL, isolated CNS ALL, or lymphoma following a cyclophosphamide/fludarabine conditioning regimen.~Eligibility:~-Participants between >= 3 years and <= 39 years of age, with CD19+/CD22+ B cell ALL, isolated CNS ALL, or lymphoma who have relapsed or have refractory disease after at least one standard chemotherapy regimen and one salvage regimen, with no alternative curative options who meet standard Phase I eligibility criteria.~Design:~Phase I, 3 + 3 dose escalation design using the following dose levels: -1: 1 x 10^5 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%); 1: 3 x 10^5 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%); 2: 1 x 10^6 transduced T cells/kg; and 3: 3 x 10^6 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%); 4: 1 x 10^7 transduced T cells/kg (+/- 20%).~Participants will receive a lymphodepleting preparative regimen of fludarabine (25 mg/m^2/d x 3 on Days -4, -3, -2) and cyclophosphamide (900 mg/m^2/d x 1 on Day -2) followed by infusion of CD19/CD22-CAR T-cells on D0. Participants who are CAR pretreated (with exception for those with an interval HSCT) will receive increased lymphodepleting preparative regimen of fludarabine (30^mg/m2/d x 4 on Days -5, -4, -3, -2) and cyclophosphamide (600 mg/m2/d x 2 on Days -3, -2) followed by infusion of CD19/CD22-CAR T-cells on D0. If fludarabine is unavailable, pentostatin may be given as an alternative.~Patients will be evaluated sequentially for toxicity, antitumor effects, CAR expansion and~persistence, as well as research correlatives."
22231458|NCT04283006|"Relapsed/refractory hematological malignancies has a short survival time and a high mortality rate. A number of clinical trials in China and at abroad have shown that CAR T-cells targeting CD19 have a high remission rate and limited adverse effects in the treatment of relapsed/refractory leukemia, which has great clinical application prospect. The New England Journal (NEJM) reported in 2010 and 2013 that the Carl June's team at the University of Pennsylvania used CAR T-cells against CD19 to treat B-cell malignancies successfully. On August 30, 2017, the US FDA first approved Novartis CAR T-cells for the treatment of acute lymphocytic leukemia. Our center has completed the treatment of 33 cases of acute lymphoblastic leukemia with CAR-T cells targeting CD19, with a complete remission rate of 90% and 10 cases of lymphoma treated with CAR T-cells. At present, the international clinical trials of CD20 / CD22 dual-target CAR T-cells in the treatment of relapsed/refractory lymphoid hematological malignancies have achieved impressive results, but the number of patients needs to be further verified.~Based on the results of prior studies and the lack of effective treatment options for relapsed/refractory hematological malignancies, we have applied for a clinical trial of CD20 / CD22 dual-target CAR T-cells to treat relapsed/refractory hematological malignancy.~This is a single arm, open-label, single-center study. Patients with CD20 and CD22-positive relapsed/refractory hematological malignancies have an estimated survival of 2 years. The purpose is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of CD20 / CD22 dual-target CAR T-cell therapy through this clinical trial study, and to provide clinical basis and experience for CAR T-cell technology in the treatment of clinical malignant hematological diseases."
22293199|NCT03287804|The study will consist of 2 phases, a Phase I/dose escalation phase and a Phase II/expansion phase. Patients with relapsed and relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma will be enrolled in both phases of the study. Eligible patients will undergo leukapheresis in order to harvest T cells, which is the starting material for the manufacture of the autologous CAR T product AUTO2. AUTO2 has a dual target BCMA (B cell maturation antigen) and TACI (Transmembrane activator and calcium modulator and cyclophilin ligand interactor). Following pre-conditioning by a chemotherapeutic regimen, the patient will receive AUTO2 intravenously as a single or split dose and will then enter a 12-month follow-up period.
22168844|NCT02958397|Great progress has been made in the treatment of relapsed and refractory B cell malignancies with CD19-targeted CAR-T cells. However, for myeloid malignancies, which has higher morbidity, trials of CAR-T is few. CD33 is expressed on most myeloid leukemia cells so it is a ideal target for CAR-T. This trial is designed and conducted to test the safety and effectiveness of CD33-targeted CAR-T.
22293802|NCT03767751|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~To evaluate the feasibility and safety of dual specificity CD38 and BCMA CAR-T cells in patients with relapsed or refractory Multiple Myeloma.~To evaluate the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells.Real Time polymerase chain receptor (RT-PCR) and Flow cytometry(FCM) analysis of PB,BM and lymph node will be used to detect and quantify survival of universal dual specificity CD38 and BCMA CAR-T cells over time.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~1.For patients with detectable disease, measure anti-tumor response due to dual specificity CD38 and BCMA CAR-T cell infusions.~2.The CAR-T cells will be administered by i.v. injection over 20-30 minutes as a using Day 0: 1-5x10e6/kg total dose on day 0."
22294031|NCT03751293|The study will include the following sequential phases: Screening, Pre-Treatment (Cell Product Preparation, Lymphodepleting Chemotherapy), C-CAR088 infusion and Follow-up.
22294336|NCT04077866|"Background~B7-H3 is expressed in 70% of patients with glioblastoma~B7-H3 is not expressed in normal tissues especially not in central nervous system. Therefore, it is an attractive GBM target for CAR-T therapy~The investigators constructed a retroviral vector encoding a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) targeting B7-H3, which can mediate CAR transfer into patient T cells with high efficiency.~Objectives~To evaluate the safety and tolerability intratumoral/intracerebroventricular injection of B7-H3 CAR-T when used in between Temozolomide cycles~To compare the overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) of R/R GBM patients treated with B7-H3 CAR-T in between Temozolomide cycles vs Temozolomide alone~To access the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of B7-H3 CAR-T in between Temozolomide cycles~Design~Experimental group: Patients autologous T cells are activated and transduced with retrovirus containing B7-H3 CAR. CAR-T cells are expanded ex vivo and infused back to patients via intratumoral or intracerebroventricular injection through an Ommaya catheter. 3 injections of CAR-T are planned at two different doses with 1-2 weeks intervals. The CAR-T injections occur in between Temozolomide (TMZ) cycles. Temozolomide treatment during the cycles of CAR-T injections will be stopped and resumed next cycle. Patients may receive additional CAR-T cycles at the discretion of the principal investigator and oncologist.~Control group: Patients will receive regular cycles of Temozolomide treatment with 5 days of treatment and 23 days of interval."
22294658|NCT05268172|Malignant pleural effusion is a common complication of malignant tumor, which usually indicates that the patient has reached the advanced stage, and about 30-40% of the patients are stubborn and refractory cases. The lack of standard therapeutic drugs and protocols in clinical practice seriously affects the anti-tumor treatment effect, quality of life and survival time of patients, and the prognosis is poor. IFN-γ can significantly induce the high expression of the costimulatory molecule ICAM-1 on tumor cells, thereby enhancing the killing of TUMOR cells by T cells. Moreover, IFN-γ can enhance the activity of CAR T cells in the presence of PD-L1-PD-1 pathway, and significantly improve the therapeutic effect of T cells on solid tumors. IFN-γ is an approved clinical treatment with known side effects and well-established symptomatic treatment. Although CIK is not a clinically approved drug, it has been used on a large scale in China with good safety and has entered the medical insurance of some provinces and cities. Tcm is an improved CIK cell and has good safety. Many clinical studies have been carried out, and no serious toxic and side effects have been observed.
22170256|NCT05432401|"Approximately 1 sites are planned to be selected for the clinical trial. The subjects, who sign the informed consent forms and been screened by inclusion/exclusion criteria, will be assigned into 1.0 × 10^8, 2.0 × 10^8 and 4.0 × 10^8 CAR-T groups in order of sequence. And the subjects will be administered once. Dose escalation will follow 3 + 3 design and 3-6 subjects in each group will complete a single dose. Within the same dose group, the next subject will be administered after the previous subject has completed at least 14 days of safety observation. After the last subject in each dose group has completed the dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) assessment window of 28 days after single dose, the enrollment and treatment for the next dose group may be initiated after the Safety Review Committee (SRC) agrees to enter the next dose group based on clinical safety data assessment.~When DLT occurs in 1 of 3 subjects in a dose group, 3 additional subjects in the same dose group will be required (up to 6 subjects in the dose group have completed DLT assessment): if no DLT occurs in the additional 3 subjects, dose escalation will continue; if 1 of the 3 additional subjects experiences one DLT, dose escalation will be discontinued; if more than 1 of the 3 additional subjects experiences DLTs, dose escalation will be discontinued, and 3 additional subjects will be required to be enrolled at one lower dose level for DLT assessment. After the end of escalation for the maximum dose group, if no MTD is observed, the highest dose level is defined as the MTD."
22232748|NCT03744676|"This is an open-label, multicenter, Phase 2 study to assess the safety and antitumor activity in adult patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin Lymphoma when administered with lisocabtagene maraleucel (JCAR017) in the outpatient setting.~Upon the successful product generation of lisocabtagene maraleucel, subjects will enter the treatment phase of the study. Treatment will include lymphodepleting chemotherapy followed by lisocabtagene maraleucel administration. Subjects will then enter the post-treatment follow-up phase of the study and will be followed for approximately 24 months for safety, disease status, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and survival. Long-term follow-up will continue under a separate long-term follow-up protocol, per health regulatory authority guidelines, currently up to 15 years after the last lisocabtagene maraleucel administration."
22232801|NCT04162353|"BCMA-CD19 cCAR is a compound Chimeric Antigen Receptor (cCAR) immunotherapy with two distinct functional CAR molecules expressing on a T-cell, directed against the surface proteins BCMA and CD19. BCMA-CD19 cCAR is also aimed to treat multiple myeloma, a challenging disease due to the heterogeneity of myeloma cells, which renders single-antigen targeting CAR T-cell therapy ineffective. BCMA-CD19 cCAR is proposed to target both bulky myeloma cells expressing BCMA, and myeloma stem cells expressing CD19 to effectively eradicate the disease.~BCMA-CD19 cCAR is also aimed to treat heterogeneous plasmacytoid lymphoma bearing two types of lymphoma cells, regular lymphoma cells expressing CD19 and plasmacytoid lymphoma cells expressing BCMA. The use of two different targets intends to increase coverage and eradicate cancerous cells before resistance develops in surviving cancer cells that have undergone selective pressures or antigen escape."
22232820|NCT04162119|"Previous studies have found that multiple myeloma cells express PD-L1 at a high level. Therefore, the combination of anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 antibodies with CART therapy may further improve the clinical efficacy of CART cell for multiple myeloma.~The investigators screened PD-1 mutant that have high affinity bind with the PD-L1 ligand, and the affinity of the prepared mutant PD-1 Fc fusion protein to bind to PD-L1 reached clinical anti-PD-L1 antibody levels. The investigators prepared BCMA CART cells which secretes the mutant PD-1Fc fusion protein, and the prepared CART cell culture supernatant can well block the binding of PD-L1 to PD-1. Preclinical studies have shown that BCMA CART cells secreting mutant PD-1Fc fusion protein have a superior killing effect on PD-L1 positive multiple myeloma tumor cells to BCMA CART cells which does not express PD-1 fusion protein.~The trial was conducted to explore the safety and efficacy of BCMA-PD1-CART cells in Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma."
22232928|NCT04156269|"BCMA-CS1 cCAR (Compound CAR BCMA-CS1) is a chimeric antigen receptor immunotherapy treatment designed to treat multiple myeloma using two different antigen targets, BCMA (CD269) and CS1 (SLAMF7).~The use of two different targets widely expressed on plasma cells, BCMA and CS1, intends to increase coverage and eradicate cancerous cells before resistance develops in surviving cancer cells that have undergone selective pressures or antigen escape. BCMA-CS1 cCAR bears two distinct functional CAR molecules expressed on a T-cell, directed against the surface proteins BCMA and CS1."
22233624|NCT03741127|"Per Health Authorities guidelines for gene therapy medicinal products that utilize integrating vectors (FDA, 2006; Guidance for Industry, Gene Therapy Clinical Trials-Observing Subjects for Delayed Adverse Events), long term safety and efficacy follow up of treated subjects is required. Subjects are enrolled in this study following completion or early discontinuation from a Poseida sponsored or supported study of P-BCMA-101 T cells and will be followed for a total of 15 years post treatment from the last P-BCMA-101 treatment. Subjects will be monitored for safety and efficacy to assess the risk of delayed adverse events (AEs) and assess long-term efficacy, and PK and quantification of P-BCMA-101 T cells. Rimiducid may be administered as indicated.~Study visits Subjects will only enter this protocol after completing or discontinuing from their primary P-BCMA-101 protocol.~Once enrolled in this protocol a subject will return for regular follow-up depending on when they last received P-BCMA-101 on their primary protocol:~Every 3 months until the end of the first year after P-BCMA-101 treatment~Every 6 months until the end of the third year after P-BCMA-101 treatment~Then yearly until the end of the 15th year after P-BCMA-101 treatment (ie. if a subject discontinues from their primary protocol 2 years after receiving P-BCMA-101, they will be entering this study at the beginning of the 3rd year, and will remain on this study for 13 years).~Subjects will undergo serial assessment of safety, chemistry, hematology, and disease response as specified in the Schedule of Events. Subjects will further undergo a physical exam and medical history, and anti-myeloma medications, related AEs, new malignancies, new or exacerbated clinically significant neurologic, hematologic, rheumatologic or other autoimmune disorders will be recorded. After progressive disease (PD) has been confirmed for a subject after P-BCMA-101 administration, visits may be performed remotely (AEs collected by telephone and laboratory studies completed at a local facility)."
22233633|NCT03601078|Anti-myeloma bridging treatment is allowed for disease control while bb2121 is being manufactured for cohorts 1, 2a and 2b only.
22358751|NCT03323944|"This is a Phase I study evaluating the safety and feasibility of lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells in up to 4 cohorts. Lymphodepleting chemotherapy will not be utilized as part of the planned dosing strategy.~• Cohort 1 (N=3-6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x107/m2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0 via intravenous infusion.~Enrollment into Cohort 1 will be paused after the 3rd subject is infused to allow for a formal DLT assessment (performed by the Clinical PI and Medical Director) and DSMB review. If 1 DLT/3 subjects occurs in Cohort 1, the Sponsor (with guidance from the DSMB), will determine whether the study will enroll an additional 3 subjects at this dose level to further establish safety via intravenous infusion, or advance to Cohorts 2 and 3 to explore local delivery of huCART-meso cells at the same dose level. If 0 DLT/3 subjects or 1 DLT/6 subjects occurs at any time, the study may advance to Cohorts 2 and 3.~If 2 DLTs occur at this dose level at any time, enrollment in Cohort 1 will be stopped and the dose will be de-escalated by 10-fold to 1-3x106 cells/m2 (Cohort -1).~The infusions in Cohort 1 will be staggered by at least 28 days to allow for the assessment of DLTs for cohort progression, expansion, or dose de-escalation.~In the event that 2 DLTs occur among subjects enrolled in Cohort 1, then enrollment in Cohort 1 will be stopped and the dose will be de-escalated by 10-fold to 1-3x106 cells/m2. This de-escalated cohort will be designated Cohort -1.~• Cohort -1 (N=3-6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x106 cells/m2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0. Up to 6 subjects will be infused in Cohort -1 if ≤ 1 DLT occurs.~If 0 DLT/3 subjects or 1 DLT/6 subjects occurs in Cohort 1, the study willmay advance to allow for additional cohorts to be exploredCohorts 2 and 3. Enrollment into these additional cohortsCohort 2 and Cohort 3 may occur in parallel, however infusions will be staggered as follows to allow for monitoring/assessment of toxicities:.~Cohorts 2 and 3: As of Protocol Amendment V7, Infusion #1/Day 0 for the next 6 subjects in Cohorts 2 and 3 must be staggered by at least 28 days; This includes a minimum of 3 evaluable subjects in Cohort 2 and 3 evaluable subjects in Cohort 3. A DLT assessment will be performed after the 3rd evaluable subject in each cohort reaches the Day 21 safety follow-up visit. If no DLTs are identified in the 1st three evaluable subjects in both Cohorts 2 + 3, subsequent infusions of new subjects within either cohort may occur in parallel; however, no more than two new subjects may be infused within a 14-day period, irrespective of cohort assignment. If both cohorts have not yet infused 3 evaluable subjects without a DLT, all infusions will continue to be staggered by 28 days until this provision is met.~Cohort 4: Infusion #1/Day 0 for the first 3 subjects in Cohort 4 must be staggered by at least 28 days. A DLT assessment will be performed after the 3rd evaluable subject in this cohort reaches the Day 21 safety follow-up visit. If no DLTs are identified in the 1st three evaluable subjects, subsequent infusions of new subjects may occur in parallel, however no more than two new subjects may be infused within a 14-day period. If 1 DLT is identified in the 1st three evaluable subjects, Infusion #1 for all subsequent subjects will continue to be staggered by at least 28 days and DLT assessments will be performed after each evaluable subject reaches the Day 21 safety follow-up visit.~Cohort 2 Participants (N = Up to 6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x107/m2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0 via intraperitoneal (i.p.) administration. The initial i.p. infusion may be followed by up to two additional infusions of huCART-meso cells via intravenous (IV) administration at the same dose level, given between 21-42 days apart. The subject must meet eligibility to receive additional infusions (see Section 6.7.2). Cohort 2 will be prematurely closed with Protocol Amendment V8. This closure is the result of feasibility concerns specific to the clinical/disease status of these patients at this stage of their treatment.~Cohort 3 Participants (N = Up to 6): will receive a single dose of 1-3x107/m2 lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells on day 0 via intrahepatic delivery (Hepatic Arterial Infusion). The initial intrahepatic infusion may be followed by up to two additional infusions of huCART-meso cells via intravenous (IV) administration at the same dose level, given between 21-42 days apart. The subject must meet eligibility to receive additional infusions (see Section 6.7.2). Cohort 3 will be prematurely closed with Protocol Amendment V8. This closure is the result of feasibility concerns specific to the clinical/disease status of these patients at this stage of their treatment.~Cohort 4 Participants (N = Up to 6): will allow for the administration of lentiviral transduced huCART-meso cells during 1st line standard of care chemotherapy. A single dose of 1-3x107/m2 huCART-meso cells will be administered on day 0 via intrahepatic delivery (Hepatic Arterial Infusion), following a 1 week washout after standard of care chemotherapy. This initial intrahepatic infusion may be followed by up to two additional infusions of huCART-meso cells via intravenous (IV) administration at the same dose level, given between 21-42 days apart. The subject must meet all eligibility to receive additional infusions (see Section 6.7.2). Additional doses of standard of care chemotherapy may also be administered between huCART-meso infusions at the physician-investigator's discretion, as long as the required washout windows described in Section 5.6 are appropriately adhered to. huCART-meso infusions may also be discontinued at any time in favor of resuming standard of care chemotherapy at the physician-investigator's discretion.~Adverse events will be collected and evaluated during the protocol specified adverse event reporting period. Subjects will be continually evaluated for dose-limiting toxicities (DLT). In the event of 2 DLTs in a specific cohort, additional enrollment and treatment activity will be paused to allow for further investigation."
22170650|NCT05576181|This is a phase 1, single-center, nonrandomized, open-label, dose-escalation study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ThisCART19A Bridging Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation in patients with CD19 positive r/r B-ALL and identify a treatment regimen most likely to result in clinical efficacy while maintaining a favorable safety profile.
22295560|NCT02186860|CAR-T has stronger effect of anti-tumor capacity. While people have been able to control the clinical complications now, so conducting CAR-T clinical trials has a strong demand and value. This study aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CD19-CART in treating refractory or recurrent ALL.
22170660|NCT05640713|This is a phase 1, single-center, nonrandomized, open-label, dose-escalation and dose expansion study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ThisCART19A in adult patients with B cell malignancies after failure of autologous chimeric antigen receptor T- cell(CAR-T) therapy and identify a treatment regimen most likely to result in clinical efficacy while maintaining a favorable safety profile.
22233899|NCT05286164|"CAR-T therapy is the standrad of care in patients with relapse/refractory B cell agressive lymphoproliferative diseases. Prolonged cytopenia is a not uncommon side effect and is associated with susbstantial morbidity and in severe cases also with mortality. The pathobiologic process that causes bone marrow injury is not known and in order to find appropriate treatment it is important to expand the knowledge regarding this toxicity. Current treatment options for bone marrow suppression includes growth factor therapy (GCSF), steroids and immunoglobulins. .~The investigators hypothesize that CART cells directly suppress or create inflammatory process in bone marrow. This process may resemble aplastic anemia, a marrow aplasia that occurs secondary to inflammatory process.~Treatment of aplastic anemia is based on the administration of eltrombopag, that causes a thrombopoietin-mimetic blood cells to develop and multiply. This treatment demonstrated an increase in the amount of platelets and neutrophils in patients with aplastic anemia and is approved by the health authorities around the world and in Israel as a standard treatment for this disease. There are several reports of successful use of altrombopag in patients after CART who have developed marrow toxicity and in patients after bone marrow transplantation whose blood counts are low.~In this study, patients with prologed aplasia after CART cells therapy, will be given eltrombopag in a purpose to incrase bone marrow function. In addition, the investigators will perform several assays to shed more light on the basic pathologic process that causes the bone marrow aplasia."
22108365|NCT05509530|This open label, single-arm, Phase 2 study aims to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Anti-BCMA/GPRC5D CAR-T in subjects with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. A leukapheresis procedure will be performed to manufacture Anti-BCMA/GPRC5D chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) modified T cells. Prior to Anti-BCMA/GPRC5D infusion subjects will receive lymphodepleting therapy with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide. After infusion, the investigators will observe the characteristics of dose limited toxicity (DLT), and determine the maximum tolerable agent MTD and rp2d were confirmed. To provide basis for the dosage and treatment plan of cell products in follow-up clinical trials.
22295907|NCT02259556|"When patients enroll on this trial, autologous CART-33 cells were generated from the mononuclear cells of 50 to 90 ml of the patient's peripheral blood (PB). During the term of cell preparation of CART30, patients will receive a conditioning regimen including cyclophosphamide and fludarabine. One day after completing conditioning regimen, the patient will be given infusions of CART30 cells into the vein in escalating doses over a period of 3 to 5 consecutive days.~Extra blood will be drawn to measure the persistence of CART30 in vivo."
22296135|NCT05239676|"Current studies have shown that under standard treatment, patients with large masses and high-grade DLBCL have a poor prognosis. Data from major centers around the world on CAR-T cell treatment of relapsed and refractory B-cell NHL show that CAR-T treatment of relapsed and refractory B-cell NHL has a low complete remission rate but a low recurrence rate after remission.Therefore, new treatment options are urgently needed to achieve long-term relief.~CD19 CAR-T therapy as a consolidation therapy after high-dose melphalan and autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation has been used in a refractory MM patient at the University of Pennsylvania, and good research progress has been made. Craig S et al. studied the safety and effectiveness of CD19 CAR-T cell therapy after high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplantation HDT-ASCT. The object of the study was relapsed and refractory non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, with 2-year progression-free survival ( PFS) is 30%.~Therefore, autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation combined with CAR-T cell therapy is expected to improve the complete remission rate and long-term survival rate. In summary, the center intends to apply for a clinical trial of autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation combined with CAR-T cells for the treatment of refractory and relapsed non-Hodgkin's lymphoma."
22358818|NCT04795882|"This is a Phase 1 rolling 6 trial design evaluating safety of a novel BCMA CAR alone and of CAR T cells engineered to co-express BCMA CAR and a CD19 CAR in patients with triple refractory Multiple Myeloma.~The first 3-6 patients will be treated at the lower dose of BCMA CAR T cells in cohort 1 (50 x 10^6 cells). If the lower dose is deemed tolerable, recruitment into cohort 1 at a higher dose (150 x 10^6 BCMA CAR T cells) and cohort 2 at a dose of 50 x 10^6 BCMA/CD19 cells will begin in parallel.~If the 50 x 10^6 cells BCMA/CD19 CAR dose in cohort 2 is deemed intolerable, then no further patients will be recruited to cohort 2.~If both 150 x 10^6 cells BCMA CAR (cohort 1) and 50 x 106 cells BCMA/CD19 CAR (cohort 2) are deemed tolerable then recruitment will begin to a higher BCMA/CD19 CAR dose of 150 x 10^6 cells.~If 150 x 10^6 cells BCMA CAR is intolerable and 50 x 10^6 cells BCMA/CD19 CAR is tolerable then no further patients will be recruited to cohorts 1 or 2.~A Summary of dosing on trial is outlined below:~Cohort 1 (BCMA CAR-T cells)~Dose level 1: 50x10^6 BCMA CAR-T cells~Dose level 2: 150x10^6 BCMA CAR-T cells~Cohort 2 (BCMA/CD19 CAR-T cells)~Dose level 1: 50x10^6 BCMA/CD19 CAR-T cells~Dose level 2: 150x10^6 BCMA/CD19 CAR-T cells"
22296558|NCT01109095|"When the patient enrolls on this study, they will be assigned to a dose of HER2-CAR CMV-T cells.~The patient will be given a single injection of cells into the vein through an IV line at the assigned dose. The injection will take between 1 and 10 minutes. The patient will be followed in the clinic after the injection for 1 to 4 hours. If later the subject seems to be experiencing a benefit (confirmed by radiological studies, physical exam and/or symptoms), s/he may be able to receive up to six additional doses of the T cells if they wish. These additional infusions would be at least 6 to 12 weeks apart and at the same dose level received the first time.~Medical tests before treatment--~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests as follows: Physical exam, Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function, Routine heart function tests (Echocardiogram),Measurements of the tumor by routine imaging studies~Medical tests during and after treatment--~The patient will receive standard medical tests when getting the infusions and after:Physical exams, Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function, Routine heart function tests (Echocardiogram) at 6 weeks after the infusion, Measurements of the tumor by routine imaging studies 6 weeks after the infusion~To learn more about the way the HER2-CAR CMV-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, blood will be taken on the day of the T-cell infusion, before, 1 hour and 4 hours after the T-cell infusion, 1, 2, 4 and 6 weeks after the T-cell infusion and every 3 months for 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years."
22296874|NCT05371093|Five years after the last study participant is randomized, participants who have received axicabtagene ciloleucel will transition to a separate Long-term Follow-up study (study KT-US-982-5968) to complete the remainder of the 15-year follow-up assessments.
22234268|NCT03614858|The patients will receive infusion of CART cells targeting CD19 and CD22 to confirm the safety and efficacy of CD19/CD22 CART Cells in Relapsed or Refractory B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
22296928|NCT04989803|Eligible study participants who have received IP administration with either KITE-363 or KITE-753 will transition to a separate Long-term Follow-up study (Study KT-US-982-5968) to complete the remainder of the 15-year follow-up assessments.
22296944|NCT04897321|Treatment will include a single infusion of B7-H3-CAR T cells after lymphodepleting chemotherapy, with dosing based on the number of CAR+ T cells and patient weight. The study will evaluate the safety and maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of B7-H3-CAR T cells, using a standard 3+3 study design and a 6-week evaluation period. The total study duration will be 1 year, at which point patients will enroll on our existing institutional long-term follow-up protocol.
22297014|NCT04196413|"Primary Objectives:~Determine the feasibility of manufacturing autologous T cells transduced with 14g2a-CD8-BBz-iCasp9 retroviral vector expressing GD2 Chimeric Antigen Receptor (GD2CART) for administration in subjects with H3K27M+ diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) or subjects with spinal H3 K27M-mutant diffuse midline glioma (DMG) using a retroviral vector and dasatinib in the Miltenyi CliniMACS Prodigy® system.~Assess the safety and identify the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and/or recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) of GD2CART in subjects with H3K27M+ DIPG administered after cyclophosphamide/fludarabine-based lymphodepletion regimen using the following dose escalation schedule: DL1: 1e6 transduced T cells/kg; DL2: 3e6 transduced T cells/kg; DL3: 10e6 transduced T cells/kg.~Assess the safety of the MTD/RP2D of GD2CART in subjects with spinal H3K27M mutant DMG.~Secondary Objectives:~In a preliminary manner, assess clinical benefit of GD2CART at the RP2D in subjects with H3K27M DIPG or spinal H3 K27M-mutant DMG.~If unacceptable toxicity occurs that is possibly, probably or likely related to GD2CART, assess the capacity for AP1903, a dimerizing agent, to mediate clearance of the genetically engineered cells and resolve toxicity."
22359672|NCT03497819|This is a single arm, open-label, pilot study to determine the safety and feasibility of combination CARTmeso cells and CART19 cells in patients with pancreatic cancer following lymphodepletion with cyclophosphamide. Both cells contain CAR proteins consisting of a murine-derived single chain antibody fragment (scFv), cluster of differentiation antigen 137 (41BB) co-stimulatory domain and cluster of differentiation antigen 3 zeta chain (CD3ζ) signaling domain transduced by lentivirus
22108859|NCT04544592|Pediatric patients with refractory or multiply relapsed leukemia and lymphoma do very poorly with traditional chemotherapy and have overall survival rates of well under 20%. There has been much excitement over the development of Car T cell therapy for these types of leukemia/lymphoma, but many patients may not fit the standard criteria to receive them or they cannot tolerate the extended wait and ongoing therapy that is needed for manufacture of these cells at the commercial level. With this study, the investigators will investigate a new CD19 directed CAR-T therapy that will be manufactured locally with a goal of wider patient inclusion and less delay to CAR-T infusion. The investigators hypothesize that CD19 directed CAR-T cells manufactured using the Prodigy ClinicMACS system developed by Miltenyi (UCD19 CAR-T) will be safe and tolerable and show preliminary efficacy in pediatric patients with relapsed and/or refractory B-ALL or B- NHL.
22298134|NCT03874897|This study is an open, single/multiple infusion, dose escalation/dose regimen finding study to assess the safety and pharmacokinetics of CAR-CLDN18.2 T cell therapy, and to obtain the preliminary efficacy results in subjects who have been diagnosed with advanced solid tumor with positive claudin 18.2 expression and failed to standard systemic treatment.
22360303|NCT01865617|"PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To evaluate the feasibility and safety of adoptive T cell therapy using ex vivo expanded autologous CD8 positive (+) and CD4+ CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T cells for patients with advanced CD19+ B cell malignancies.~SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:~I. To determine the duration of in vivo persistence of adoptively transferred T cells, and the phenotype of persisting T cells.~II. To determine if adoptively transferred T cells traffic to the bone marrow and function in vivo.~III. To determine if the adoptive transfer of CD19 CAR-T cells results in depletion of CD19+ B cells in vivo as a surrogate for functional activity.~IV. To determine if the adoptive transfer of CD19 CAR-T cells has antitumor activity in patients with measurable tumor burden prior to T cell transfer.~V. To determine if the adoptive transfer of CD19 CAR-T cells is associated with tumor lysis syndrome.~OUTLINE: This is a phase I, dose-escalation study of autologous CD19 CAR T-cells followed by a phase II study.~Patients receive anti-CD19-CAR lentiviral vector-transduced autologous T cells intravenously (IV) over 20-30 minutes on day 0. Treatment may be repeated in no less than 21 days with or without additional lymphodepleting chemotherapy if there is persistent disease in the absence of unacceptable toxicity.~DOSE DENSE EXPANSION COHORT: An additional cohort will receive a second anti-CD19-CAR lentiviral vector-transduced autologous T cell infusion without additional lymphodepleting chemotherapy 10-21 days after the first infusion if adequate CD19 CAR-T cells can be produced and appropriate criteria are met.~After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for at least 15 years."
22360499|NCT05320081|This study intends to combine CD30 CAR-T (provided by Wuhan Bio-Raid Biotechnology Co., Ltd) and Camrelizumab (provided by Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) to treat r/r CD30+ lymphoma, to observe the safety and effectiveness of the combined treatment, and to study the effect of PD-1 antibody on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of CAR-T. Obtain a better treatment plan and provide a new strategy for the treatment of clinically r/r CD30+ lymphoma.
22360544|NCT04938115|"The CARs consist of an anti-CD7 single-chain variable fragment（scFv）, a portion of the human CD137（4-1BB） molecule, and the intracellular component of the human CD3ζ molecule. Prior to CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be subjected to preconditioning treatment. After CAR-T cell infusion, the patients will be evaluated for adverse reactions and efficacy.~The Main research objectives:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of CD7 CAR-T cells in patients with CD7 Positive acute leukemia or mixed lineage leukemia except those who are diagnosed with T-ALL/T-LBL~The Secondary research objectives:~To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of CD7 CAR-T cells in patients with CD7 Positive acute leukemia or mixed lineage leukemia except those who are diagnosed with T-ALL/T-LBL"
22360681|NCT03593109|CD19-directed CAR-T cell therapy has shown promising results for the treatment of relapsed or refractory B-cell malignancies, CD19 and CD22 are proteins usually expressed on the surface of the lymphoma cells. The dual specificity CAR enables the T-cells to recognize and kill the tumor cell through recognition of CD19 and CD22.
22360875|NCT04928105|"Main research purposes:~To evaluate the safety and efficacy of Senl-T7 CAR-T for relapsed or refractory CD7+ lymphoma~Secondary research purpose:~To investigate the cytokinetic characteristics of Senl-T7 CAR-T for relapsed or refractory CD7+ lymphoma."
22171163|NCT03960060|"This is a single arm, open label, dose escalation clinical study to evaluate the safety and preliminary therapeutic efficacy of CCT301-59 T cells in adult subjects with relapsed and refractory stage IV metastatic solid tumors (soft tissue sarcoma, gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, bladder cancer etc.).~The subjects with ROR2 (receptor tyrosine kinase-like orphan receptor 2) positive biopsy will receive CCT301-59.~According to the 3+3 rules during the dose escalation stage to receive CCT301-59 treatment."
22234524|NCT04712864|Study Design: This is a Phase 1, first-in-human (FIH), open-label, multicenter, multicohort study of LB1901 administered to adult subjects with histologically confirmed CD4+ relapsed or refractory Peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) (PTCL not otherwise specified [PTCL-NOS] and angioimmunoblastic [AITL]), or relapsed or refractory cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) (Sézary syndrome [SS] and mycosis fungoides [MF]).
22109759|NCT03081910|"To make the T cells the investigators will take blood from the patient or from the previous bone marrow transplant donor and stimulate it with growth factors to make the T cells grow. To get the CD5 antibody and CD28 to attach to the surface of the T cell, investigators insert the antibody gene into the T cell. This is done with a virus called a retrovirus that has been made for this study and will carry the antibody gene into the T cell. This virus also helps investigators find the T cells in the patient's blood after they are injected. Because the patient will have received cells with a new gene in them the patient will be followed for a total of 15 years to see if there are any long term side effects of gene transfer.~When the patient is enrolled on this study, they will be assigned a dose of CD5 chimeric receptor-T cells Several studies suggest that the infused T cells need room to be able to proliferate (grow) and accomplish their functions and that this may not happen if there are too many other T cells in circulation. Because of that, the patient will receive two chemotherapy medications prior to receiving the CD5 chimeric receptor-T cells.~One medication is called cyclophosphamide and the other fludarabine. The patient will receive 3 daily doses of each drug, ending at least one day before the patient receives the chimeric receptor-T cells. These drugs will decrease the numbers of the patient's own T cells before the CD5 chimeric receptor T cells are infused and also will help decrease the number of other cells that may interfere with the chimeric receptor-T cells working well. These drugs are part of many regimens that are used to treat leukemia or lymphoma and not expected to have any effect on the patient's tumor with the doses given.~A potential side effect of receiving the chemotherapy as well as receiving CD5.CD28 Chimeric Receptor T cells is that it can cause development an Epstein Barr Virus (EBV) infection which can cause illness or formation of a growth or tumor. This side effect can be life threatening or fatal. To decrease this risk, following the chemotherapy but before administration of the CD5.CD28 Chimeric Receptor T cells, a dose of Rituximab (or a similar drug) will be given. Rituximab is an IV medication that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat elevated levels of EBV in the body.~The patient will be given an injection of CD5.CD28 Chimeric Receptor T cells into the vein through an IV at the assigned dose. The injection will take from 1 to 10 minutes. Before the patient receives the injection, they may be given a dose of Benadryl and Tylenol. The treatment will be given by the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at Texas Children's Hospital or Houston Methodist Hospital.~The patient will be followed in the clinic after the injection for up to 3 hours, and the patient will have to remain locally for a minimum of 6 weeks after the infusion. If there is evidence of EBV reactivation, the patient must remain locally for 8 weeks. During this initial phase patients will come to the clinic at least twice a week. Patients will be monitored closely for any side effects including signs of viral infection, or overgrowth of virus-infected cells that can behave like a tumor and require specific treatment. These side effects may require hospitalization for evaluation and management.~If after a 4-6 week evaluation period after the infusion, the patient has achieved a complete response (measured by bone marrow or radiology scans), the patient's primary oncology doctors may decide the patient should proceed to bone marrow transplant, at which time the patient will be removed from the treatment portion of the study.~Before being treated, the patient will receive a series of standard medical tests:~Physical exam and History; Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function; Pregnancy test for female patients who are of child bearing potential; Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans and/or bone marrow studies~The patient will also receive standard medical tests during treatment and after:~Physical exams and History; Blood tests to measure blood cells, kidney and liver function; Blood tests to check for any evidence of viral infection~Graft versus Host Disease assessments:~Measurements of the patient's tumor by scans and/or bone marrow studies 6-8 weeks after the infusion and then per standard of care.~To learn more about the way the CD5 chimeric receptor-T cells are working and how long they last in the body, extra blood will be drawn. The total amount on any day is about 10 teaspoons (50 mL) or no more than 3 mL per 2.2 pounds body weight in children. This volume is considered safe but may be decreased if the patient is anemic. This blood may be drawn from a central line if the patient has one. Blood will be taken before the chemotherapy drugs, several hours after the T cell infusion, at 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks (optional), 4 weeks, 6 weeks and 8 weeks (optional) after the infusion, at 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, at 1 year, every 6 months for 4 years, then yearly for a total of 15 years. We will also test blood to check for signs of viral infection at the following time points: within 1 to 2 weeks prior to chemotherapy drugs, prior to T cell infusion, then at weeks 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8 for all patients, and months 3, 6, 9, 12 for patients who do not proceed to bone marrow transplant. The total blood drawn during participation in this study will not exceed 280 teaspoons.~Once the dose escalation portion of the study is completed, the trial will be expanded and treat up to an additional 6 patients (2 cohorts) at the MTD in each group to gather additional safety data and preliminary efficacy data."
